Hijiri,104.236.61.10,Hijiri,karatkievich.freenode.net
nadir,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qdinekdaqfdctjcq,CYBORG 11. Buddy spike.,karatkievich.freenode.net
yarou,192.241.222.146,Yarou,card.freenode.net
perturbed`,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/perturbed/x-79209224,perturbed,adams.freenode.net
granger,2605:980:6:365d::556e:7671,Ruby bot (c) Giuseppe Bilotta and the rbot develop,wolfe.freenode.net
Ingar,94-224-85-244.access.telenet.be,Ingar,asimov.freenode.net
eycsigfy,ip156.ip-167-114-23.net,Eat your cornbread, son. It's good for ya.,tepper.freenode.net
jaytersen,2204ds4-oebr.0.fullrate.ninja,jaytersen,weber.freenode.net
cu-kai,unvanquished/developer/cu-kai,cu-kai,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Juho,vanhanen.me,Juho Vanhanen,orwell.freenode.net
ZTM,saturn.clover.moe,Zack Middleton,wilhelm.freenode.net
FutureSuture,2a00:23c4:7d00:c300:b8bf:4f28:b8d3:a321,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
Calinou,unaffiliated/calinou,Calinou,hitchcock.freenode.net
Gnurdux,c-73-149-20-29.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
jave,h-235-62.a149.priv.bahnhof.se,joakim verona,barjavel.freenode.net
Melanosuchus,evil-ant-colony.org,Mela,tepper.freenode.net
`Ishq,unvanquished/developer/ishq,= "Celestial Rage",karatkievich.freenode.net
cu-ams,devnull.new-edge.org,Mikko Tiusanen,niven.freenode.net
kangz,ks29217.kimsufi.com,Corentin Wallez,niven.freenode.net
Supertanker2,184.53.48.118,Cody Jackson,tepper.freenode.net
Paradox,reddit/admins/paradox,herp derp,card.freenode.net
Unvanquished,v220120913958924899.yourvserver.net,Unvanquished,karatkievich.freenode.net
Fuma,unvanquished/developer/fuma,1Fuma,hitchcock.freenode.net
harrow,68.ip-149-56-14.net,harrow,weber.freenode.net
_longines,static.183.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,longines,wolfe.freenode.net
evilchampion,209.251.245.230,John,verne.freenode.net
Ristovski,unaffiliated/ristovski,Ristovski,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Samual,xonotic/core-team/Samual,Samual,rajaniemi.freenode.net
h4rl0ck,pinky.ratman.org,Harlock Monroe Glitch,hitchcock.freenode.net
M4GNV5,v22015123214830522.bestsrv.de,magnus,hitchcock.freenode.net
ZdrytchX,27-33-98-203.static.tpgi.com.au,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
theinvsblman,unvanquished/developer/theinvsblman,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ledixus,evil-ant-colony.org,ledi,wolfe.freenode.net
nosturki,gateway/shell/anapnea.net/x-ofrqxkbxmfvkjhab,nosuni's hugecock,orwell.freenode.net
EvilAntCyborg,2a01:4f8:172:1a2f::2,EvilAntCyborg,adams.freenode.net
kharnov,unvanquished/developer/kharnov,kharnov,wolfe.freenode.net
op9,rouk.org,syphter,card.freenode.net
Viech,unvanquished/developer/viech,Viech,wilhelm.freenode.net
Gireen,unvanquished/developer/gireen,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
ImQ009,unaffiliated/imq009,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
bairyn,unaffiliated/bob0,Byron Johnson,orwell.freenode.net
Amanieu,unvanquished/developer/amanieu,Amanieu d'Antras,asimov.freenode.net
Pevel,unvanquished/developer/pevel,Peweł,orwell.freenode.net
Asgard-,Allons-y.PanicBNC.ninja,Asgard,niven.freenode.net
fosscon,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-twidqonzgtejwaiv,fosscon,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
mIRC,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-acmnuuuuntdizsir,Internet Relay Chat,leguin.freenode.net
Atlantic777,unaffiliated/atlantic777,Atlantic777,card.freenode.net
kernel_priest,blog.vladimircicovic.com,babaSmrt,asimov.freenode.net
tilda_,unaffiliated/tildaturn,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
stereo_advance,unaffiliated/stereo-advance/x-9653541,dell,hitchcock.freenode.net
imouto,2a03:b0c0:2:d0::19:5001,Victorique de Blois,niven.freenode.net
szt_,178.165.107.124,realname,weber.freenode.net
TuxedoBot,178.62.250.182,TuxedoBot,tepper.freenode.net
rymdkarl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xaqgakegsmocliwa,karl,hitchcock.freenode.net
StevenGFX,104.131.107.118,Steven Williams,adams.freenode.net
ericbmerritt_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-frqckqlrlpjksxda,Eric Merritt,adams.freenode.net
yrashk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-htbpkxwivmghucqf,Yurii Rashkovskii,leguin.freenode.net
j14159,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-drnfecadwyrgwoyi,Jeremy,weber.freenode.net
hannes,213.73.89.204,hannes,asimov.freenode.net
evax,patcher2.evax.fr,Evax Software,asimov.freenode.net
omarkj,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vnebxqomfyqxpoub,Ómar Kjartan Yasin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
yurrriq,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-npxrqnmagzqwoyos,Eric Bailey,wolfe.freenode.net
unbalanced,104.207.144.200,unbalancedparen,niven.freenode.net
tristan__,104.236.174.41,tristan,weber.freenode.net
eriko,213.88.207.35,Erik Olsson,verne.freenode.net
semone_,2a03:b0c0:2:d0::4d0:3001,semone,karatkievich.freenode.net
Sthebig,unaffiliated/sthebig,sthebig,card.freenode.net
Jaykul,geoshell/dev/Jaykul,Joel Bennett,card.freenode.net
sp,23.96.186.248,nodeJS IRC client,tepper.freenode.net
PCLine_,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-ddckzxacjietywjp,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,barjavel.freenode.net
GimbalTalon,falcon.whatbox.ca,Naromi,card.freenode.net
Rappelle,ns4002239.ip-198-100-146.net,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
nakki,46.101.199.87,Känninen,orwell.freenode.net
tugrik,war.funkyjesus.org,username,wolfe.freenode.net
Dominic,chaldene.m0dlx.com,Dominic Cleal,wolfe.freenode.net
lutter,104-244-25-202.PUBLIC.monkeybrains.net,David Lutterkort,hitchcock.freenode.net
ZuZuD,AAubervilliers-151-1-22-198.w83-114.abo.wanadoo.fr,root,leguin.freenode.net
chowbok,207-181-255-76.c3-0.lem-ubr1.chi-lem.il.cable.rcn.com,??? ????????,leguin.freenode.net
Karunamon,isengard.tkware.us,Nya?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
silfreed,li701-237.members.linode.com,Doug Warner,niven.freenode.net
jcpunk,testify.fnal.gov,purple,karatkievich.freenode.net
mfournier,2001:4b98:dc2:41:216:3eff:fe6d:dc0b,Marc Fournier,leguin.freenode.net
johnzimm,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tzzgddqprnnpbmrd,j.zimmerman,wilhelm.freenode.net
demonimin,unaffiliated/demonimin,demonimin,karatkievich.freenode.net
sunilmohan,swecha/sunilmohan,Sunil Mohan Adapa,barjavel.freenode.net
ozymandias_,libre.theyareafter.us,ozy mandias,asimov.freenode.net
rwmjones,230.83.187.81.in-addr.arpa,Richard Jones,karatkievich.freenode.net
higgins,68.ip-149-56-14.net,higgins,adams.freenode.net
rmc3,199-193-193-54.contegix.com,WHAT,orwell.freenode.net
swartzcr_,swartzcr.the-nsa.org,Noah Swartz,asimov.freenode.net
robbat2,gentoo/developer/robbat2,Robin Johnson,asimov.freenode.net
rafaelmartins,gentoo/developer/rafaelmartins,Rafael G. Martins,rajaniemi.freenode.net
robogoat,163.172.136.88,robogoat,wolfe.freenode.net
SheldonCooper,gentoo/developer/dol-sen,realname,weber.freenode.net
ashmew2,unaffiliated/ashmew2,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
K_F,gentoo/developer/k-f,Kristian Fiskerstrand,leguin.freenode.net
creffett|irssi,gentoo/developer/creffett,Christopher Reffett,tepper.freenode.net
dwfreed,encoded/developer/dwfreed,dwfreed,card.freenode.net
mgorny,gentoo/developer/mgorny,Micha? G�rny,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
steev,gentoo/developer/steev,Steev Klimaszewski,adams.freenode.net
johu,gentoo/developer/johu,Johannes Huber,hitchcock.freenode.net
mrueg,gentoo/developer/mrueg,Manuel Rueger,adams.freenode.net
dastergon,mail.forkbomb.gr,Pavlos Ratis,card.freenode.net
willikins,gentoo/bot/Willikins,Gentoo Services Bot, based on Ruby bot (c) Giusepp,adams.freenode.net
perfinion,gentoo/developer/perfinion,Jason,niven.freenode.net
twitch153,gentoo/developer/twitch153,Devan Franchini,tepper.freenode.net
wking,c-73-221-72-168.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,Trevor,hitchcock.freenode.net
dol-sen,gentoo/developer/dol-sen,Brian Dolbec,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dilfridge,gentoo/developer/dilfridge,Andreas K. Huettel,karatkievich.freenode.net
aeroniero,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bzvblrougiatdtjp,Angelos Perivolaropoulos,niven.freenode.net
zlg,gentoo/developer/zlg,zlg,karatkievich.freenode.net
blueknight,gentoo/developer/blueknight,Yury German,wolfe.freenode.net
alexxy,gentoo/developer/alexxy,Alexey Shvetsov,sinisalo.freenode.net
maffblaster,gentoo/developer/maffblaster,Maff,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Wizzup,a82-161-36-93.adsl.xs4all.nl,Merlijn Wajer,hitchcock.freenode.net
jcallen_,gentoo/developer/jcallen,Jonathan Callen,niven.freenode.net
ArneBab_,55d46f67.access.ecotel.net,Quassel IRC User,barjavel.freenode.net
xian,vsrv10616.customer.vlinux.de,Christian,asimov.freenode.net
rotty,yade.chaostreff.at,rotty,leguin.freenode.net
jave,h-235-62.a149.priv.bahnhof.se,joakim verona,barjavel.freenode.net
sz0,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uioggvqiwzvmumcv,Sonmez Kartal,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ecraven,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe93:15bb,nex,niven.freenode.net
geiserbot,ns303651.ip-94-23-207.eu,Geiser's KGB bot,orwell.freenode.net
mgorbach,pool-96-237-153-152.bstnma.ftas.verizon.net,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
Raszh,64.182.114.36,Was I what you wanted me to be?,karatkievich.freenode.net
hl,unaffiliated/hl,hl,tepper.freenode.net
catsup,ps38852.dreamhost.com,d,karatkievich.freenode.net
andyjones2001,rudge.apj.me.uk,Andrew Jones,niven.freenode.net
leonarth,unaffiliated/leonarth,leonarth,asimov.freenode.net
lupine,unaffiliated/lupine-85/x-7392152,Nick Thomas,wolfe.freenode.net
ezeike_,ec2-50-17-97-100.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Ubuntu,orwell.freenode.net
ploop,unaffiliated/ruukasu,ploop,barjavel.freenode.net
henk,leonardo.netwichtig.de,henk,verne.freenode.net
gewt,138.68.49.16,Cory Smelosky,hitchcock.freenode.net
rjsalts,green.spectralmud.org,Richard Salts,wilhelm.freenode.net
tmberg,unaffiliated/tmberg,tmberg,wolfe.freenode.net
c_14,unaffiliated/c-14/x-8913907,Radiocarbon,barjavel.freenode.net
moviuro,ns3007255.ip-151-80-43.eu,Moviuro,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Jikan,noein.haruka.fr,Jikan,leguin.freenode.net
Hazelesque,lopsa/member/hazelesque,Hazel,verne.freenode.net
DrKK`,unaffiliated/drkk/x-3450090,DrKK,adams.freenode.net
seba,kratzbaum.someserver.de,Sebastian,barjavel.freenode.net
stealthii,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zqjgytzqozdntmyg,Dan Porter,verne.freenode.net
hardfalcon,x4db66963.dyn.telefonica.de,hardfalcon,card.freenode.net
dyer,ec2-107-21-15-145.compute-1.amazonaws.com,John Dyer,asimov.freenode.net
phr3ak,gnet.hu,phr3ak,card.freenode.net
devilspgd,wtf.thedave.ca,Dave,adams.freenode.net
anthony25,aruhier.fr,Anthony,sinisalo.freenode.net
_0x5eb_,seb-hpws2.w1.tele.crt1.net,Seb,karatkievich.freenode.net
Teraii,vip-s1-l1.teraii.net,teraii,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mauriez,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-skmlvhpaczrrdvnx,mauriez,adams.freenode.net
ctgiant,unaffiliated/ctgiant,Anonymous User,wilhelm.freenode.net
Eskorbuto,unaffiliated/eskorbuto,IRcap[8.72] 7 www.ircap.es,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bauerj,unaffiliated/bauerj,bauerj,wilhelm.freenode.net
danilo,wikipedia/danilomac,Danilo,hitchcock.freenode.net
SUSEhelp,opensuse/bot/SUSEhelp,Choob SVN - http://svn.uwcs.co.uk/repos/choob/,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
clecio,h200137222152.ufg.br,Clecio Oliveira,adams.freenode.net
Blas,unaffiliated/eth1,a,weber.freenode.net
Helvetica,unaffiliated/eth1/bot/helvetica,UNO,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
k01_,host136-103-dynamic.56-82-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,Maurizio,wolfe.freenode.net
Joseph_Vissarion,pppoe-98-228.mlzone.ru,KVIrc 4.9.2 Aria http://kvirc.net/,adams.freenode.net
devurandom,irc.kynes.de,Dennis Schridde,niven.freenode.net
jmorgan,gentoo/developer/jmorgan,Jack Morgan,adams.freenode.net
zx2c4,gentoo/developer/zx2c4,ZX2C4,hitchcock.freenode.net
creffett,gentoo/developer/creffett,Chris Reffett,hitchcock.freenode.net
sungami,unaffiliated/sungami,sungami,wolfe.freenode.net
cyberpunkrocker,91-157-13-196.elisa-laajakaista.fi,Quassel IRC -k�ytt�j�,niven.freenode.net
venom00ut,unaffiliated/venom00,venom00,leguin.freenode.net
b-man,gentoo/developer/b-man,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
Falcon`,ip248.ip-5-196-244.eu,Falcon,tepper.freenode.net
veremit,unaffiliated/veremit,KVIrc 4.3.1 Aria http://kvirc.net/,karatkievich.freenode.net
EleRas,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zixmulpilmmwgqop,EleRas,adams.freenode.net
jmbsvicetto,gentoo/developer/jmbsvicetto,Jorge Manuel B. S. Vicetto,wilhelm.freenode.net
groepaz_,ip-84-119-191-168.unity-media.net,gurkenmann,rajaniemi.freenode.net
brot,quassel/contributors/brot,brot,weber.freenode.net
lfrlucas,bl21-80-224.dsl.telepac.pt,lfrlucas,card.freenode.net
mystica555,c-73-3-169-33.hsd1.co.comcast.net,mystica555,card.freenode.net
Polynomial-C,gentoo/developer/Polynomial-C,Poly-C,asimov.freenode.net
johu,gentoo/developer/johu,Johannes Huber,hitchcock.freenode.net
dkurz,amethyst.cs.uni-dortmund.de,Denis Kurz,weber.freenode.net
Mad3,madsl.nerdvana.tihlde.org,autechre,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mrueg,gentoo/developer/mrueg,Manuel Rueger,adams.freenode.net
D-ion,pppoe.178-66-192-227.dynamic.avangarddsl.ru,dima,barjavel.freenode.net
NoirSoldats,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:feae:3817,Dustin Pate,karatkievich.freenode.net
Dessa,kvirc/staff/Dessa,Dessa,sinisalo.freenode.net
jmorgani_,nat/intel/x-gseucgdwcnukxpog,Jack Morgan,barjavel.freenode.net
josef__k,14-202-222-45.tpgi.com.au,Jeremy Murphy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Civil,gentoo/developer/civil,Vladimir Smirnov,asimov.freenode.net
doc235,gentoo/contributor/doc235,Blain,hitchcock.freenode.net
violetina,unaffiliated/violetina,Quassel IRC User,niven.freenode.net
alexxy,gentoo/developer/alexxy,Alexey Shvetsov,sinisalo.freenode.net
ephemer0l,unaffiliated/ephemer0l,ephemer0l,wilhelm.freenode.net
piercedwater,unaffiliated/piercedwater,piercedwater,tepper.freenode.net
scarabeus,gentoo/developer/flyingspaghettimonster/scarabeus,Tomas Chvatal,card.freenode.net
marens,unaffiliated/marens,Marc Arens,card.freenode.net
xhub,zamok.crans.org,Olivier Huber,leguin.freenode.net
MJD,scadrial.mjdsystems.ca,Matthew,wilhelm.freenode.net
Marquel,fuchsfanclub/allerdings/marquel,Marquel,tepper.freenode.net
dleverton_,paludis/developer/exherbo.dleverton,David Leverton,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jeezy,bitchx/apple/jeezy,King of the Ghetto,sinisalo.freenode.net
Ninpo,fsf/member/Ninpo,Ninpo,karatkievich.freenode.net
areisp,unaffiliated/areisp,Pavel Popov,niven.freenode.net
JLP,kde/developer/repinc,Jure Repinc,hitchcock.freenode.net
alicef,gentoo/developer/alicef,none,roddenberry.freenode.net
jkt,kde/jkt,Jan Kundrát,card.freenode.net
creffett|irssi,gentoo/developer/creffett,Christopher Reffett,tepper.freenode.net
noc0lour,prism.nocolour.de,No Colour,wilhelm.freenode.net
morse,supercomputing.univpm.it,Ruggero Morsucci,adams.freenode.net
holgersson,unaffiliated/holgersson,holgersson,karatkievich.freenode.net
Gentle,quassel/contributors/gentle,Ramon Klass,wilhelm.freenode.net
mgorny,gentoo/developer/mgorny,Micha? G�rny,weber.freenode.net
ehermes,104-159-216-18.dhcp.eucl.wi.charter.com,plus,wilhelm.freenode.net
dleverton,paludis/developer/exherbo.dleverton,David Leverton,card.freenode.net
academic_sam,amila.eng.uwo.ca,Jagath Samarabandu,verne.freenode.net
ivanich,host-176-36-233-131.la.net.ua,Иван Иваныч,sinisalo.freenode.net
drupol,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qrjxmvkevianzzpe,Pol Dellaiera,adams.freenode.net
Tanktalus,S010684948ccc4043.ed.shawcable.net,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
blaino,2a02:8070:898c:e400::2,blaino,sinisalo.freenode.net
yofel,ubuntu/member/yofel,Philip Muskovac,niven.freenode.net
sdoubleyou,unaffiliated/sdouble25,sdouble25,orwell.freenode.net
willikins,gentoo/bot/Willikins,Gentoo Services Bot, based on Ruby bot (c) Giusepp,adams.freenode.net
kent\n,gentoo/developer/kentnl,Kent Fredric,karatkievich.freenode.net
chithead,gentoo/developer/chithanh,Ch�-Thanh Christopher Nguy?n,sinisalo.freenode.net
ShenLong,s.zwischen-welten.info,Shen Long,weber.freenode.net
bobwya,host-92-25-70-11.as13285.net,Robert Walker,hitchcock.freenode.net
krushia,172.97.103.24,krushia,card.freenode.net
murph,welcome.to.the.darkside.panicbnc.us,murph,wolfe.freenode.net
Coacher_,unaffiliated/coacher,Coacher,asimov.freenode.net
rich0_,gentoo/developer/rich0,Richard Freeman,rajaniemi.freenode.net
iaglium,45.63.76.107,iaglium,barjavel.freenode.net
bpkent,ool-4572d2f4.dyn.optonline.net,bpkent,wilhelm.freenode.net
klondike,gentoo/developer/klondike,klondike,verne.freenode.net
digetx,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-rtqvpqtvhxhqmnji,Dmitry Osipenko,wolfe.freenode.net
CrustY_,93.85.175.140,crostek,barjavel.freenode.net
koniiiik,astrohippus.koniiiik.org,Michal Petrucha,adams.freenode.net
Philantrop,exherbo/developer/philantrop,Wulf C. Krueger,niven.freenode.net
eseifert,p5B078AD7.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Erich Seifert,card.freenode.net
diddly,blk-138-38-171.eastlink.ca,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
[Arfrever],apache/committer/Arfrever,Arfrever Frehtes Taifersar Arahesis,niven.freenode.net
Aison,2a02:168:200f:100:ffff:fffe:5d23:5f88,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
cosmos_,62-47-18-221.adsl.highway.telekom.at,ShalokShalom,hitchcock.freenode.net
NullAcht15,unaffiliated/nullacht15,unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
mpagano,smtp.gentoo.org,Mike Pagano,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mschiff,gentoo/developer/mschiff,Marc Schiffbauer,niven.freenode.net
Thev00d00_,89.206.161.76,Thev00d00,barjavel.freenode.net
dax,freenode/staff/dax,dax,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Corvus`,unaffiliated/wolf/x-7838296,1Corax,niven.freenode.net
DogHackit,2605:e000:1117:8043:ba27:ebff:fedb:ba9f,Dog Hackit,wilhelm.freenode.net
lxnay_,gentoo/developer/lxnay,Fabio Erculiani,sinisalo.freenode.net
Milo-,tux.fi,Unable to read variable "$REALNAME".,leguin.freenode.net
iamben,gentoo/contributor/iamben,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
Zaister,2a01:4f8:d13:1d55::2,freenode,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MichaelLong,p20030080C85CFF00021125FFFE837C14.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,ML,wolfe.freenode.net
floppym,gentoo/developer/floppym,Mike Gilbert,adams.freenode.net
init_6,unaffiliated/init-6/x-6600008,Hope springs eternal.,weber.freenode.net
godlike,unaffiliated/godlike,godlike,wilhelm.freenode.net
Hyper_Eye,pdpc/sponsor/digium/hyper-eye,Michael Wood,adams.freenode.net
josef64,unaffiliated/josef64,josef64,sinisalo.freenode.net
likewhoa,s2.maserver.com,Fernando Reyes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Poly-C_atwork,gentoo/developer/Polynomial-C,Poly-C,weber.freenode.net
ArneBab_,55d46f67.access.ecotel.net,Quassel IRC User,barjavel.freenode.net
cb1,unaffiliated/cb1,cb1,adams.freenode.net
vpelcak,nat/suse/x-pbwburaacddglnht,realname,leguin.freenode.net
Madtree,erebor.fr,Thomas,asimov.freenode.net
jefferai,kde/mitchell,Jeff Mitchell,barjavel.freenode.net
tumdedum,unaffiliated/espiral,tum-de-dum,card.freenode.net
emerald,p5DEC872F.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Smaragd,tepper.freenode.net
hive-mind,67.53.153.59,hivemind,karatkievich.freenode.net
wired,gentoo/developer/wired,Alex,wolfe.freenode.net
jfmcarreira,unaffiliated/jfmcarreira,Joao Carreira,karatkievich.freenode.net
lori,unaffiliated/lori,Lori Jakab (@ljakab),niven.freenode.net
k4tfish,reniced.net,k4tfi5h,karatkievich.freenode.net
iamnr3,static.66.132.201.138.clients.your-server.de,IRC User,asimov.freenode.net
Kelsar,unaffiliated/kelsar,Kelsar,sinisalo.freenode.net
berti,i577B4804.versanet.de,Michael B.,kornbluth.freenode.net
Trizt,ukko.aho.hk,user,niven.freenode.net
dilfridge|mobile,gentoo/developer/dilfridge,Andreas K. Huettel,card.freenode.net
fekepp,openvpn-cl-200-88.scc.kit.edu,fekepp,leguin.freenode.net
dustinm,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dustinm,weber.freenode.net
mva,gentoo/contributor/mva,Vadim A. Misbakh-Soloviov,card.freenode.net
Aleister,x1-6-00-15-17-0e-64-0d.cpe.webspeed.dk,Quassel IRC User,orwell.freenode.net
kensington,gentoo/developer/kensington,kensington,roddenberry.freenode.net
meskal,hooty.meskalero.de,meskal,adams.freenode.net
_stowa,static.177.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,hitchcock.freenode.net
uen,p5084152C.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,n/a,orwell.freenode.net
BjH,p5784E976.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Being curious?,wolfe.freenode.net
karolherbst,ip5f5be15c.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,anon,leguin.freenode.net
ufoman,zorz.info,Michal Ostrowski,wolfe.freenode.net
urth,2a00:8080:10:148:9017:2cff:fe26:adf0,Urth,sinisalo.freenode.net
Cybertinus,cybertinus.customer.cloud.nl,Cybertinus,niven.freenode.net
Zorry,gentoo/developer/zorry,Magnus Granberg,sinisalo.freenode.net
iwowoy,90-229-212-123-no68.tbcn.telia.com,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
poeppman_,xdsl-87-78-151-65.netcologne.de,Alexander Epp,weber.freenode.net
dilfridge,gentoo/developer/dilfridge,Andreas K. Huettel,karatkievich.freenode.net
bearsh,cable-dynamic-87-245-73-241.shinternet.ch,bearsh,leguin.freenode.net
alextai,188.120.133.186,AlexTAI,niven.freenode.net
niko_20010,unaffiliated/niko-20010/x-4647557,naud,sinisalo.freenode.net
xiaomiao,gentoo/developer/bonsaikitten,Patrick Lauer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Weaselweb,185.44.151.37,Alex,verne.freenode.net
maffblaster,gentoo/developer/maffblaster,Maff,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hurikhan77_,ip5f5ae1a5.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,Kai Krakow,card.freenode.net
Sput,quassel/developer/sput,Sputnick -- http://quassel-irc.org,orwell.freenode.net
methylherd,p5DEB5CC8.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,methylherd,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ponyofdeath,cpe-76-172-86-115.socal.res.rr.com,vladi,orwell.freenode.net
jcallen_,gentoo/developer/jcallen,Jonathan Callen,niven.freenode.net
mfandreas,meise.madflex.de,mfandreas,karatkievich.freenode.net
dh1tw,15.red-83-46-61.dynamicip.rima-tde.net,na,asimov.freenode.net
asmaps,ovh-1.asw.io,asmaps,verne.freenode.net
Nirkus,unaffiliated/nirkus,Some IRC User,barjavel.freenode.net
qybl,stupid/user,foo,niven.freenode.net
notanormalnerd,dclabs.de,Dennis Schmalacker,kornbluth.freenode.net
pylot,central.ednic.net,Amin,orwell.freenode.net
ulope,neon.ulo.pe,Ulrich Petri,karatkievich.freenode.net
chrischan,meise.madflex.de,chris,karatkievich.freenode.net
elmcrest,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-avoydvwycypdjltr,Marius Raesener,wolfe.freenode.net
quaoar,ovh-1.asw.io,quaoar,sinisalo.freenode.net
kindchen,HSI-KBW-095-208-248-142.hsi5.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de,kindchen (bot),wilhelm.freenode.net
marvin_t_martian,meise.madflex.de,BennyB,wolfe.freenode.net
Gentle,quassel/contributors/gentle,Ramon Klass,wilhelm.freenode.net
bronsen,pdpc/supporter/professional/housetier,K. Bronsen,karatkievich.freenode.net
Jarus,irc.thelabmill.de,Christoph Heer,wilhelm.freenode.net
danigee,ovh-1.asw.io,Dani G.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
waldi,debian/developer/waldi,Bastian Blank,wilhelm.freenode.net
bcr3ative,vretenar.pro,bcr3ative,adams.freenode.net
pnikolic,inf2.uniri.hr,pnikolic,orwell.freenode.net
reGeXx,unaffiliated/regexx,reGeXx,tepper.freenode.net
luka8088,tusk.nrsk.net,luka8088,kornbluth.freenode.net
darki-,inf2.uniri.hr,darki,tepper.freenode.net
badassdstolfa,inf2.uniri.hr,dstolfa,verne.freenode.net
vedranm,inf2.uniri.hr,vedranm,adams.freenode.net
ninomp,93-137-135-34.adsl.net.t-com.hr,realname,adams.freenode.net
edo,edvin.me,edvin,barjavel.freenode.net
domargan,inf2.uniri.hr,Domagoj Margan,barjavel.freenode.net
in1t3r,unaffiliated/lordshiva,Marko Shiva Pavlovic,karatkievich.freenode.net
vm,amino.miletic.net,Vedran Miletic,barjavel.freenode.net
klenkovic,inf2.uniri.hr,klenkovic,verne.freenode.net
iodorcic,ip112.ip-149-56-93.net,ZNC,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
tsubic,inf2.uniri.hr,tsubic,adams.freenode.net
dstolfa,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-kgliicunjvivyrgq,dstolfa,adams.freenode.net
synan|away,lklk.eu,synan,karatkievich.freenode.net
lukav,vretenar.pro,Luka Vretenar,orwell.freenode.net
isAAAc,pat35-4-88-164-240-246.fbx.proxad.net,isAAAc,adams.freenode.net
Kylin,unaffiliated/obfuscate/bot/kylin,kylin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
snobby,unaffiliated/snubby,snubby,wilhelm.freenode.net
MinceR,unaffiliated/mincer,.: Mincer Lightbringer :.,niven.freenode.net
dioz,2001:470:eb7f:1:48d2:3eff:fe65:e439,dioz,wilhelm.freenode.net
SeferYetzirah,pdpc/supporter/active/seferyetzirah,ian,weber.freenode.net
madd,workstation.sauer.ms,Madd Sauer,asimov.freenode.net
Toordog,unaffiliated/toordog,...,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
greg_e,173-11-18-233-oregon.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,Greg Eckert,card.freenode.net
digimer,192.64.193.199,Digimer,adams.freenode.net
funfunctor,1.129.96.236,purple,wolfe.freenode.net
yoshi314,sundance.6irc.net,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
amastah,rhino.testy-online.eu,amastah,tepper.freenode.net
fi9o,unaffiliated/fi9o,Mateusz P.,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
pepi,gateway/shell/palarnia.org/x-mdhbaecimxksahtc,pepi,karatkievich.freenode.net
lambdabot,haskell/bot/lambdabot,Lambda_Robots:_100%_Loyal,wilhelm.freenode.net
relrod,redhat/relrod,rickymain,asimov.freenode.net
jhass,ruby/staff/jhass,Jonne Haß,weber.freenode.net
pmarreck,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lsnytqixmisadfri,Peter,adams.freenode.net
Util,hack.p6c.org,Bruce Gray,hitchcock.freenode.net
Tsutsukakushi,163.172.151.191,Yui Hirasawa,leguin.freenode.net
Hypftier,irc.as35684.net,Johannes Roessel,orwell.freenode.net
pdurbin,104.236.120.101,pdurbin,orwell.freenode.net
mikemol,rb3450.g.visvr.net,11,11Mike Mol,wolfe.freenode.net
danaj,c-73-37-71-71.hsd1.or.comcast.net,Dana Jacobsen,card.freenode.net
opticron,75.76.59.35,opticron,rajaniemi.freenode.net
drawkula,p4FC13032.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Rufus T. Firefly-Monroe,orwell.freenode.net
ilbot3,tina.perlgeek.de,irc log bot, http://moritz.faui2k3.org/en/ilbot,leguin.freenode.net
xfix,unaffiliated/xfix,Konrad Borowski,wolfe.freenode.net
eMBee,foresight/developer/pike/programmer,Martin B�hr,niven.freenode.net
FireFly,freenode/staff/firefly,FireFly,verne.freenode.net
camelia,ns1.niner.name,combined, experimental evalbot,tepper.freenode.net
mthek,80.174.2.118.dyn.user.ono.com,mthek,asimov.freenode.net
doppo,2604:180::e0fc:a07f,doppo,karatkievich.freenode.net
utkarsh_,192.241.184.124,Utkarsh Kukreti,weber.freenode.net
dzho,unaffiliated/dzho,D. Joe,adams.freenode.net
fedaykin,pianoben.ch,fedaykin,hitchcock.freenode.net
ttmrichter,185.66.248.145,ttmrichter,hitchcock.freenode.net
Shayanjm,shayanmohanty.com,Shayan Mohanty,hitchcock.freenode.net
Lord_of_Life,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-fjncxyxeskzugpwv,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,sinisalo.freenode.net
diginet2,107.170.146.29,John Titor,orwell.freenode.net
emerson,freenode/staff/emerson,emerson,wilhelm.freenode.net
sn0wmonster,taskhive/developer/sn0wmonster,Skifree Snowmonster,wolfe.freenode.net
apotheon,copyfree/founder/apotheon,the hanging chad,wilhelm.freenode.net
Captain_Beezay,funtoo/user/terabit,terabit,wilhelm.freenode.net
Nycatelos,unaffiliated/illusional,Yidhra Kthanid,wilhelm.freenode.net
danilo,wikipedia/danilomac,Danilo,hitchcock.freenode.net
Sir_Lestaty,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Sir Lestaty de Lioncourt,barjavel.freenode.net
SirBot,wikimedia/bot/SirBot,SirBot,tepper.freenode.net
nosferatu,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Nosferatu,card.freenode.net
lestaty,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Sir Lestaty de Lioncourt,adams.freenode.net
haniel,gateway/shell/marcovecchiocorp/x-espuativhntxiclx,haniel,leguin.freenode.net
ptwikisBot,wikimedia/bot/ptwikisbot,None,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
wm-bot2,wikimedia/bot/wm-bot,wm-bot,card.freenode.net
NikolausK,2604:180:2:361::c74b,Nikolaus Kopernikus,adams.freenode.net
wrabbit,unaffiliated/whiterabbit,wrabbit,orwell.freenode.net
brilthor,hamiltonfirewall.wice.ca,brilthor,barjavel.freenode.net
catsup,ps38852.dreamhost.com,d,karatkievich.freenode.net
BGL,75-149-171-58-Washington.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,BGLWrK,barjavel.freenode.net
gribble,unaffiliated/nanotube/bot/gribble,Supybot 0.83.4.1+gribble (2014-12-21T23:25:09-0500,asimov.freenode.net
Keefe,unaffiliated/keefe,Keefe,card.freenode.net
dlb76,unaffiliated/dlb76,dlb76,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pelegreno___,107.170.175.57,cinch,niven.freenode.net
EnnnE,155.69.129.91,EnnE,orwell.freenode.net
Mchl,h1881165560.rev.rootvps.pl,Mchl,barjavel.freenode.net
Licher,forbidden.place,Licher,hitchcock.freenode.net
dang`r`us,zomgie.de,Schick von Arsch,weber.freenode.net
conSilver,2001:1a80:2a14:1800:211:32ff:fe1c:e9f5,conSilver,leguin.freenode.net
kleinweby,unaffiliated/kleinweby,Christian Speich,adams.freenode.net
cheeseplus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xxlkhgwyfkptwywd,Seth Thomas,niven.freenode.net
jonlives_,2a01:4f8:190:3166::2,Jon Cowie,niven.freenode.net
swalberg,ertw.com,swalberg,adams.freenode.net
rycuda,cats.meow.at,J,wolfe.freenode.net
technovangelist,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bnfkiwowjqpatndj,Matt Williams,wolfe.freenode.net
mattstratton,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lziqkftkfuwebeik,Matt Stratton,wolfe.freenode.net
BlackMaria,dsl.198.58.160.53.ebox.ca,BlackMaria,adams.freenode.net
dlloyd,2605:4500:2:262e::3,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
Andrzej1,coldbeer.bestforever.com,ilove,asimov.freenode.net
NomadSoul,89-75-146-206.dynamic.chello.pl,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
superoskar,2a00:1838:36:e1::7895,Oskar Bil,niven.freenode.net
redsPL,212.87.244.98,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
queuebot,ubuntu/bot/queuebot,queuebot,wolfe.freenode.net
amichair,line134-103.adsl.actcom.co.il,amichair,karatkievich.freenode.net
shadeslayer,kde/garg,Rohan Garg,verne.freenode.net
thelionroars,unaffiliated/thelionroars,thelionroars,barjavel.freenode.net
schmidtm_,2001:41d0:a:30dc:178:33:33:178,Mark Schmidt,wilhelm.freenode.net
eylul,li189-158.members.linode.com,eylul,niven.freenode.net
Tm_T,ubuntu/member/kde.developer.jkekkonen,Tm_T is also known as Jussi Kekkonen,leguin.freenode.net
PaulW2U,ubuntu/member/paulw2u,Paul White,tepper.freenode.net
pavlushka,ubuntu/member/pavlushka,Pavel Sayekat,tepper.freenode.net
scottn,thenewtons.co.nz,Scott Newton,barjavel.freenode.net
nhandler,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.nhandler,Nathan Handler,karatkievich.freenode.net
crissi-,sponsored.by.as35684.net,crissi,orwell.freenode.net
dovber,ip70-180-188-13.lv.lv.cox.net,dovber,barjavel.freenode.net
ravior,79.116.111.10,Viorel-Cătălin Răpițeanu,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rbasak,canonical/rbasak,Robie Basak,wilhelm.freenode.net
dantti,200.204.2.138,Daniel Nicoletti,asimov.freenode.net
mwhudson,canonical/mwhudson,Michael Hudson-Doyle,asimov.freenode.net
je4d,kde/developer/je4d,Jeff Snyder,orwell.freenode.net
ovidiu-florin,79.113.246.130,Ovidiu-Florin Bogdan,wilhelm.freenode.net
davmor2,cpc88265-wolv19-2-0-cust989.16-1.cable.virginm.net,Dave Morley,verne.freenode.net
ikonia,unaffiliated/ikonia,Matt Darcy,wilhelm.freenode.net
kb9vqf,edge.pearsoncomputing.net,Timothy Pearson,card.freenode.net
autofly,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe3b:739f,ai,sinisalo.freenode.net
mhall119,ubuntu/member/mhall119,Michael Hall,barjavel.freenode.net
Sho_,kde/hein,Eike,adams.freenode.net
mariogrip,ubuntu/member/mariogrip,Marius Gripsgard,adams.freenode.net
debfx,fobos.de,Felix Geyer,card.freenode.net
kfunk,kde/kfunk,Kevin Funk,verne.freenode.net
DalekSec,ubuntu/member/unit193,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
hggdh,ubuntu/member/hggdh,C de-Avillez,leguin.freenode.net
Noskcaj,ubuntu/member/noskcaj,Jackson Doak,niven.freenode.net
maxyz,ipbcc21c28.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,Maximiliano Curia,wilhelm.freenode.net
drw,cpe-97-99-44-32.tx.res.rr.com,Dan Williams,orwell.freenode.net
sgclark,ubuntu/member/sgclark,Scarlett Clark,adams.freenode.net
wxl,linuxpadawan/master/wxl,http://polka.bike,adams.freenode.net
valorie,amarok/team/valorie,Valorie Zimmerman,adams.freenode.net
seaLne,kde/kenny,Kenny Duffus,card.freenode.net
Riddell,29-227-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,Jonathan Riddell,,,,weber.freenode.net
kubuntu-ci,ec2-54-252-111-19.ap-southeast-2.compute.amazonaws.com,PircBotX 2.0.1, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
djinni`,68.ip-149-56-14.net,djinni,weber.freenode.net
acheronuk,ubuntu/member/acheronuk,Rik,adams.freenode.net
tsimonq2,ubuntu/member/tsimonq2,Simon Quigley,karatkievich.freenode.net
ejat,ubuntu/member/fenris-,fenris,orwell.freenode.net
sitter,kde/developer/sitter,Harald Sitter,adams.freenode.net
IrcsomeBot,kde/bot/telegram-relay,KDE Telegram Relay Service,orwell.freenode.net
mamarley,unaffiliated/mamarley,Michael Marley,leguin.freenode.net
cyphermox,ubuntu/member/pdpc.supporter.active.cyphermox,Matt Trudel,wilhelm.freenode.net
BluesKaj,unaffiliated/blueskaj,Kaj,card.freenode.net
DonVitoCorleone,unaffiliated/donvitocorleone,Kraljeva-Garda,verne.freenode.net
lisandro,190.103.220.21,Lisandro Damián Nicanor Pérez Meyer,hitchcock.freenode.net
flexiondotorg,ubuntu/member/flexiondotorg,Martin Wimpress,karatkievich.freenode.net
markey,amarok/developer/markey,Mark Kretschmann,kornbluth.freenode.net
mitya57,ubuntu/member/mitya57,Dmitry Shachnev,niven.freenode.net
Quintasan,ubuntu/member/quintasan,Micha? Zaj?c,niven.freenode.net
EgS,quassel/developer/egs,Marcus Eggenberger,kornbluth.freenode.net
zbenjamin,libqxt/developer/zbenjamin,Benjamin Zeller,karatkievich.freenode.net
silver_saucepan,cpc15-duns7-2-0-cust191.9-3.cable.virginm.net,Paul Worrall,wolfe.freenode.net
rdieter_work,fedora/rdieter,Rex Dieter,tepper.freenode.net
gluytium,45.63.76.107,is a fictional supervillain,card.freenode.net
fone626,ip70-162-254-2.ph.ph.cox.net,Brian Cluff,weber.freenode.net
alleehol,allee.mpe.mpg.de,Achim Bohnet,barjavel.freenode.net
ubot9,ubuntu/bot/ubot93,Ubuntu OP's bot.,weber.freenode.net
Skuggen,monty.pvv.ntnu.no,Skuggen,card.freenode.net
superfly,openlp/developer/superfly,Raoul Snyman,adams.freenode.net
Guest14768,corellian.student.ipv6.utwente.nl,Olivier van der Toorn,wolfe.freenode.net
murthy,2a01:4f8:150:40cb::2,Prasad Murthy,niven.freenode.net
_stowa,static.177.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,hitchcock.freenode.net
claydoh,ubuntu/member/claydoh,claydoh,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sayakb,gateway/shell/kde/x-ixaenrzgpudeacdy,Sayak Banerjee,adams.freenode.net
Shura_,202.18.66.86.rev.sfr.net,FC,wolfe.freenode.net
rperier,ubuntu/member/rperier,Romain Perier,wilhelm.freenode.net
keithzg,184.70.164.246,Keith Zubot-Gephart,verne.freenode.net
rbetzen,50-26-103-34.amrlcmtk01.res.dyn.suddenlink.net,Ronnie Betzen,,,,adams.freenode.net
jose,ubuntu/member/jose,José Antonio Rey,orwell.freenode.net
fabo,linaro/fabo,Fathi Boudra,adams.freenode.net
xnox,ubuntu/member/xnox,Dimitri John Ledkov,hobana.freenode.net
SilentGhost,unaffiliated/silentghost,SilentGhost,hitchcock.freenode.net
yofel,ubuntu/member/yofel,Philip Muskovac,niven.freenode.net
fregl,kde/gladhorn,Frederik Gladhorn,leguin.freenode.net
mparillo,gateway/shell/kde/x-sipyierldfcjsrkw,Marco Parillo,adams.freenode.net
inetpro,unaffiliated/hibana,Gustav H Meyer,barjavel.freenode.net
ubottu,ubuntu/bot/ubottu,Ubuntu IRC Bot,karatkievich.freenode.net
wgrant,ubuntu/member/wgrant,wgrant,barjavel.freenode.net
Mamarok,amarok/team/mamarok,Myriam Schweingruber,adams.freenode.net
palasso,palassopoulosge.ath.forthnet.gr,Vassilis Palassopoulos,asimov.freenode.net
Odur,c83-252-106-189.bredband.comhem.se,Stefan,asimov.freenode.net
ahoneybun,ubuntu/member/ahoneybun,Aaron Honeycutt,weber.freenode.net
asac,debian/developer/asac,Alexander Sack,wilhelm.freenode.net
teo-,kde/teo,Teo,asimov.freenode.net
Sput,quassel/developer/sput,Sputnick -- http://quassel-irc.org,orwell.freenode.net
ubuntulog,ubuntu/bot/ubuntulog,log bot:: contact rt@ubuntu.com,adams.freenode.net
claus_chr,x1-6-20-0c-c8-20-38-30.cpe.webspeed.dk,Claus Christensen,leguin.freenode.net
brabo,globalshellz/owner/brabo,brabo,asimov.freenode.net
e,freenode/staff/spy.edk,Ed Kellett,niven.freenode.net
fluter,fedora/fluter,FDZ,karatkievich.freenode.net
pragma-,unaffiliated/pragmatic-chaos,pragmatic chaos,hitchcock.freenode.net
candide,unaffiliated/pragmatic-chaos/bot/candide,http://www.iso-9899.info/wiki/Candide,hitchcock.freenode.net
bart|schocke,octans.uberspace.de,Christian Bartl,wilhelm.freenode.net
psps,octans.uberspace.de,Pirmin,adams.freenode.net
wanda_fish,muirauqa.org,wanda_fish,karatkievich.freenode.net
amodo,naeon.org,derf,hitchcock.freenode.net
buz,damn.serious.im,buz,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
DDoB,damn.serious.im,Distributed denial of Bartl,adams.freenode.net
JohnV,gateway/shell/uberspace.de/x-camvmxyvfrtvzqxo,John,adams.freenode.net
H|f|sh,muirauqa.org,H|f|sh,wolfe.freenode.net
jherskowitz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nzafqcsbtklrdlxu,J Herskowitz,niven.freenode.net
ben-xo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wexdmtfmjpbpkeqk,Ben XO,niven.freenode.net
crystalclaw,2607:8b00:2::320c:408c,panther-fox,wilhelm.freenode.net
tilal6991,unaffiliated/tilal6991,Lalit Maganti,wolfe.freenode.net
hecliunyx,45.63.76.107,hecliunyx,leguin.freenode.net
MrMaffen,mrmaffen.de,Enno,card.freenode.net
TheOneRing,amarok/developer/TheOneRing,Hannah,asimov.freenode.net
Falcon`,ip248.ip-5-196-244.eu,Falcon,tepper.freenode.net
joepie91_,199.241.31.225,Sven Slootweg,adams.freenode.net
SolarAquarion,the.feds.nullrouted.us,Mechanical Angel Aquarion,karatkievich.freenode.net
mohn,limu.coffee.liberejo.de,Remo Giermann,adams.freenode.net
Satyricon,static-ip-69-64-50-156.inaddr.ip-pool.com,Nemesis Divina,wilhelm.freenode.net
sampsyo,cpe-24-59-55-161.twcny.res.rr.com,Adrian,leguin.freenode.net
lasconic,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ixckyfxdjlxszbck,lasconic,wilhelm.freenode.net
McKey,81.4.110.87,Klucznik,niven.freenode.net
johu,gentoo/developer/johu,Johannes Huber,hitchcock.freenode.net
pinak,gateway/shell/kde/x-ezibdqtrrwzvoipk,Pinak Ahuja,adams.freenode.net
hugo___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wlwcnewlfobfewqj,Hugo Lindström,wilhelm.freenode.net
hatstand,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dzsdbcxvrgyjtbdl,John Maguire,hitchcock.freenode.net
Ashareth,AMontsouris-559-1-72-159.w92-140.abo.wanadoo.fr,Ashareth,leguin.freenode.net
danimo,kde/danimo,Daniel Molkentin,adams.freenode.net
cloakable_,cpc87219-aztw31-2-0-cust20.18-1.cable.virginm.net,cloakable,karatkievich.freenode.net
eater,tamako.eoc.io,eater.,niven.freenode.net
kier,cpc72373-sotn14-2-0-cust787.15-1.cable.virginm.net,Kier,wilhelm.freenode.net
phishy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wtwstgoyfsmmjzzt,Jeff Loiselle,wilhelm.freenode.net
theli,50-46-194-43.evrt.wa.frontiernet.net,¬_¬,wolfe.freenode.net
jefferai,kde/mitchell,Jeff Mitchell,barjavel.freenode.net
glaxx,glaxx.net,glaxx,kornbluth.freenode.net
klaas,simply.kla.as,klaas,kornbluth.freenode.net
feepk,videolan/developer/feepk,Felix Paul Kühne,barjavel.freenode.net
rodgort,68.ip-149-56-14.net,rodgort,card.freenode.net
Tycale,tycale.be,Thibault,card.freenode.net
davic,unaffiliated/davic,davic,adams.freenode.net
lorenzh,4z2.de,lorenz,barjavel.freenode.net
xhochy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qdeneymyfmfogxgy,Uwe L. Korn,adams.freenode.net
zopieux,unaffiliated/zopieux,Zopieux,hitchcock.freenode.net
saidinesh5,minad.de,Dinesh,tepper.freenode.net
discopatrick,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-grypkdfnrmsnxbxp,discopatrick,niven.freenode.net
yofel,ubuntu/member/yofel,Philip Muskovac,niven.freenode.net
total1ty_,ipbcc36896.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,fabian,asimov.freenode.net
domme,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cikgwrvoedxsnihb,Dominik Schmidt,adams.freenode.net
bencevans,unaffiliated/bencevans,Ben Evans,tepper.freenode.net
muesli,amarok/developer/muesli,muesli,barjavel.freenode.net
Mamarok,amarok/team/mamarok,Myriam Schweingruber,adams.freenode.net
moderation,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mbahijmlxfcbhajz,Michael P,adams.freenode.net
grindhold,c035.cyan.servdiscount-customer.com,grindhold,asimov.freenode.net
thomasbonte,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-trhurbailqwoyuhu,Thomas Bonte,wilhelm.freenode.net
pinheiro_,bl17-72-220.dsl.telepac.pt,pinheiro,card.freenode.net
teo-,kde/teo,Teo,asimov.freenode.net
johnyb,limu.coffee.liberejo.de,Julian Baeume,niven.freenode.net
RJ2,pdpc/supporter/professional/rj2,Richard Jones,card.freenode.net
tetris4,chakralinux.org,tetris4,karatkievich.freenode.net
Megido,31-179-120-135.dynamic.chello.pl,Megido,wilhelm.freenode.net
Lien,host-37-190-152-6.dynamic.mm.pl,Lien,weber.freenode.net
Diva|irc,host-94-78-184-250.dynamic.mm.pl,Diva,hitchcock.freenode.net
eerozeteen,unaffiliated/eerozeteen,Lucas A.,leguin.freenode.net
Rost_afk,gateway/web/freenode/ip.77.45.125.204,77-45-125-204.sta.asta-net.com.pl/77.45.125.204,herbert.freenode.net
Ayene,host-80-238-111-105.jmdi.pl,Ayene,karatkievich.freenode.net
Oggre,unaffiliated/oggre,Oggre,card.freenode.net
Diva2,host-94-78-184-250.dynamic.mm.pl,Diva2,niven.freenode.net
Ammir,62.87.215.231,Ammir,leguin.freenode.net
Finaju,aclu18.neoplus.adsl.tpnet.pl,Finaju,leguin.freenode.net
Diva,host-94-78-184-250.dynamic.mm.pl,Diva,barjavel.freenode.net
volix,unaffiliated/volix,volix,niven.freenode.net
Holle,host-94-78-188-65.dynamic.mm.pl,Holle,asimov.freenode.net
Vexinski,31.179.226.209,Vexinski,karatkievich.freenode.net
Katien,staticline-31-182-73-215.toya.net.pl,Katien,barjavel.freenode.net
Roux,2a01:e35:1396:3a70:932:88c9:263e:df94,purple,adams.freenode.net
Roux_screen,goya2.regardscitoyens.org,Roux RC,asimov.freenode.net
openparl,rcy-web-01.ig-1.net,None,orwell.freenode.net
_dutc_,really.dontusethiscode.com,James,karatkievich.freenode.net
jonafato-,162.209.103.217,jonafato,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
dirn,162.209.103.217,Andy Dirnberger,barjavel.freenode.net
guitarzan,23.253.104.76,cory,wolfe.freenode.net
ntpttr,174.127.216.34,Nate Potter,asimov.freenode.net
odyssey4me,2001:4802:7800:1:be76:4eff:fe20:f541,Jesse P,wilhelm.freenode.net
Nakato,rikako.nakato.io,Sachi King,barjavel.freenode.net
tdurakov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ocnprsmpzdgufwpx,tdurakov,wolfe.freenode.net
dhellmann,2607:f298:5:101d:f816:3eff:feeb:310d,Doug Hellmann,karatkievich.freenode.net
mugsie,unaffiliated/mugsie,mugsie,tepper.freenode.net
Guest66666,nyaa.kragniz.eu,nyaa,weber.freenode.net
dobson,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dobson,weber.freenode.net
knikolla,2604:a880:800:10::539:100a,Kristi Nikolla,adams.freenode.net
haplo37_,192.207.60.121,haplo37,wilhelm.freenode.net
netapp,216.240.30.4,NetApp Bot,verne.freenode.net
med_,unaffiliated/medberry,David Bip Medberry,verne.freenode.net
zhangguoqing,61.136.151.253,...,asimov.freenode.net
melwitt,2604:a880:1:20::519:1001,melanie witt,adams.freenode.net
m3m0_,178.62.34.179,Memo Garcia,barjavel.freenode.net
kong,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qsfuvzthchzofbgc,Lingxian Kong,wilhelm.freenode.net
kfox1111,leary.csoft.net,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
porrua,216.240.30.5,Jose Porrua,adams.freenode.net
Anticimex,netforce.millnert.se,Ask...,barjavel.freenode.net
sweston,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kvwjrduzqvyhquzz,Steve Weston,adams.freenode.net
SayyedMohammad,cce02cs4044-fa12-z.ams.hpecore.net,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
flip214,unaffiliated/flip214,Philipp Marek,karatkievich.freenode.net
pocketprotector,unaffiliated/pocketprotector,* I'm not to lame to read BitchX.doc *,niven.freenode.net
paw_,128.224.252.2,Amy Fong,wilhelm.freenode.net
AndyWojo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ongealbblahdgfsk,Andy Wojnarek,wilhelm.freenode.net
amoralej|off,nat/redhat/x-kicjrviqfyzftdij,Alfredo Moralejo,tepper.freenode.net
aarefiev,194.213.110.67,Anton Arefiev,sinisalo.freenode.net
The_Ball,20.92-221-43.customer.lyse.net,pi,wolfe.freenode.net
dulek,134.191.220.75,Michał Dulko,wilhelm.freenode.net
sam64,173-11-18-233-oregon.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,Quassel IRC User,orwell.freenode.net
TommyLikeHu,119.145.15.121,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
frakt_,h-79-136-125-64.na.cust.bahnhof.se,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
patrickeast,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ahuxwawswdgffhti,Patrick East,wolfe.freenode.net
dolphm,2001:4802:7801:102:be76:4eff:fe20:e06a,Dolph Mathews,wolfe.freenode.net
nicolasbock,67-133-86-3.dia.static.qwest.net,Nicolas Bock,orwell.freenode.net
winston-1,139.59.30.184,Ubuntu,weber.freenode.net
waj334,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ieaqskwgvdonehne,Justin Wilson,adams.freenode.net
mkoderer__,ourmaid.de,Marc K,niven.freenode.net
zigo,gplhost-3-pt.tunnel.tserv18.fra1.ipv6.he.net,Thomas Goirand,,,,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nikeshm,gateway/web/freenode/ip.202.65.140.146,202.65.140.146 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
arnewiebalck_,pb-d-128-141-194-105.cern.ch,Arne Wiebalck,adams.freenode.net
partner,ajaton.net,Joonas,card.freenode.net
superdan,odyssey.danplanet.com,Dan Smith,weber.freenode.net
rushiagr,gateway/shell/firrre/x-ckskgwmpaqibjgvb,Rushi Agrawal,adams.freenode.net
jgravel,nat/hp/x-fnhivsruwhikhjla,Julie Gravel,verne.freenode.net
Kvisle,2a02:c0:1001:100:216:3eff:fec1:c3aa,tv,wolfe.freenode.net
grumpycatt,31.187.71.152,radius,barjavel.freenode.net
anteaya,tatooine.princessleia.com,anteaya,karatkievich.freenode.net
jschwarz,nat/redhat/x-egbwnkiuehbcekds,John Schwarz,barjavel.freenode.net
pots,13.82.29.110,potsmaster,verne.freenode.net
mikal,119.9.40.82,Michael Still,asimov.freenode.net
_alastor_,198.24.35.182,Ubuntu,card.freenode.net
al_indig_,bran.ispras.ru,al_indigo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zul,CPEa84e3f422493-CMa84e3f422490.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,chuck,adams.freenode.net
jistr,smrk.jistr.com,Jiri Stransky,adams.freenode.net
bswartz,98.122.139.152,purple,karatkievich.freenode.net
paw,157-52-10-52.cpe.teksavvy.com,Amy Fong,leguin.freenode.net
tobasco,boom.boom.here.comes.the.trigger.im,trigger,sinisalo.freenode.net
mdovgal,194.213.110.67,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
cburgess,vrt1.liquidreality.org,cburgess,card.freenode.net
karthikp_,172.99.106.158,Karthik Prabhu,card.freenode.net
mwhahaha,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nkicgkrshbhvgxhd,Alex S,adams.freenode.net
apopovych,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mgonpachbzcyprnd,Andriy Popovych,weber.freenode.net
kaisers_,p20030084AE3B840045011A7284680051.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,kaisers,leguin.freenode.net
wN,redhat/jwaterwo,Jack Waterworth,adams.freenode.net
jbernard,unaffiliated/jbernard,Jon Bernard,rajaniemi.freenode.net
anish,unaffiliated/anish,anish,card.freenode.net
zeestrat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fggwmozbmjtlmihh,Sandor,wilhelm.freenode.net
dims,c-71-192-249-191.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,Davanum Srinivas,orwell.freenode.net
oomichi,FL1-122-135-42-171.tky.mesh.ad.jp,Ken'ichi Ohmichi,adams.freenode.net
dosaboy,65.93.189.91.lcy-01.canonistack.canonical.com,Ed Hope-Morley,barjavel.freenode.net
bluex,172.99.106.158,Szymon Wroblewski,card.freenode.net
HenryG,180.ip-158-69-198.net,Henry Gessau,rajaniemi.freenode.net
yangyape_,117.13.168.114,yangyapeng,asimov.freenode.net
pleia2,your.worshipfulness.princessleia.com,Elizabeth K. Joseph,niven.freenode.net
mrda,119.9.45.166,mrda,asimov.freenode.net
Gorian,2604:180:1:bd7::e327,gorian,karatkievich.freenode.net
gluytium,45.63.76.107,is a fictional supervillain,card.freenode.net
pck,lopsa/lifetime/pckizer,Philip Kizer,verne.freenode.net
lbragstad,104.130.11.250,Lance Bragstad,weber.freenode.net
clsacramento,15.203.169.111,Cynthia,karatkievich.freenode.net
ccesario,2804:4f8:0:abce:718c:5f8a:bf14:71bb,realname,adams.freenode.net
robcresswell,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fqvidmyjrxotjtpm,Rob Cresswell,wilhelm.freenode.net
Kimmo__,silokki.org,Kimmo prkl // tSi,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pkoniszewski,nat/intel/x-mlrhfbeihehebekl,Pawel Koniszewski,asimov.freenode.net
cppforlife_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tbdsjnzzcvwlvvwm,Dmitriy Kalinin,karatkievich.freenode.net
DuncanT,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cwojdxmmzbjvjshv,Duncan Thomas,wilhelm.freenode.net
rha,opensuse/member/rhafer,R. Haferkamp,karatkievich.freenode.net
fmccrthy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nmoiplkxlocmtfag,Fergal Mc Carthy,adams.freenode.net
Lehtu,212.68.12.130,Joonas Lehtimäki,asimov.freenode.net
Dong_Zhi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jubjjoecimjbfour,Dong Zhi,adams.freenode.net
briancurtin,python/psf/briancurtin,Brian Curtin,karatkievich.freenode.net
laurent\,unaffiliated/laurent/x-4048133,none,sinisalo.freenode.net
chenying_,119.145.15.121,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
zhonghua-lee,119.145.15.121,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
pkoraca,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rszuypuaesophklg,Petar Koraca,wilhelm.freenode.net
Swanson,76.164.8.130,Tom Swanson,card.freenode.net
Julien-zte,47.90.32.145,Julien,wolfe.freenode.net
madcao,barracuda.ixsystems.com,realname,weber.freenode.net
freerunner,frostman.ru,Victor Ryzhenkin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
johnthetubaguy,2a00:1a48:7807:102:580a:904d:ff08:44e7,John Garbutt,sinisalo.freenode.net
tonyb,119.9.40.82,Tony Breeds,weber.freenode.net
afazekas,199.204.46.32,Attila Fazekas,asimov.freenode.net
jamielennox|away,gateway/shell/firrre/x-ijveylpfcbchzigg,Jamie Lennox,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChubYann,ABordeaux-651-1-11-167.w109-215.abo.wanadoo.fr,realname,verne.freenode.net
hogepodge,c-24-20-238-120.hsd1.or.comcast.net,Chris Hoge,barjavel.freenode.net
vern,2607:f298:6050:cf27:f816:3eff:fe0d:90fe,vern,wolfe.freenode.net
xek,134.191.220.71,Grzegorz Grasza,wilhelm.freenode.net
amit213,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rylpuchcbubvbhib,amit213,adams.freenode.net
hemna,ec2-52-53-168-54.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Chewbacca,adams.freenode.net
stevemar,e4.fd.7a9f.ip4.static.sl-reverse.com,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
jdillaman,pool-108-18-97-95.washdc.fios.verizon.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
mgagne,unaffiliated/mgagne,Mathieu,wilhelm.freenode.net
EmilienM,unaffiliated/emilienm,Emilien Macchi,wolfe.freenode.net
smcginnis,13.89.56.50,Sean McGinnis,barjavel.freenode.net
jamespd,mucky.socket7.org,mucky,asimov.freenode.net
rhagarty_,ec2-35-162-250-40.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Rich Hagarty,weber.freenode.net
scottda,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xljrjbselhhcibpr,scottda,adams.freenode.net
bapalm,96-42-248-149.dhcp.roch.mn.charter.com,se_brandon,hitchcock.freenode.net
thurloat,104.37.192.209,Thurloat,sinisalo.freenode.net
openstack,openstack/openstack,openstack,tepper.freenode.net
vkmc,unaffiliated/vkmc,Victoria Martinez de la Cruz,karatkievich.freenode.net
mmotiani,172.99.106.124,Mohit Motiani,wolfe.freenode.net
jungleboyj,70-58-218-180.cdrr.qwest.net,Jay S. Bryant,wilhelm.freenode.net
gus,2400:6180:0:d0::f76:7001,Angus Lees,wilhelm.freenode.net
jgriffith,159.203.111.103,"John Griffith",weber.freenode.net
karthikp,172.99.106.253,Karthik Prabhu Vinod,weber.freenode.net
tbarron,2604:a880:800:10::769:d001,Tom Barron,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sayalilunkad,nat/suse/x-yyueyyxcgpolyelf,Sayali Lunkad,hitchcock.freenode.net
logan-,irc.protiumit.com,logan,karatkievich.freenode.net
zzzeek,ool-18bd83ef.dyn.optonline.net,Mike Bayer,card.freenode.net
cFouts,162.243.252.225,Chuck,asimov.freenode.net
mtreinish,pool-96-249-210-185.pghkny.fios.verizon.net,Matthew Treinish,tepper.freenode.net
rhefner,nat/redhat/x-fanhghawuuxigctx,Ryan Hefner,wolfe.freenode.net
wxy__,119.145.15.121,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
cargonza,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-geaakdzuvwdsmyun,Carlos Gonzales,adams.freenode.net
eglute,irc.cloudnull.io,Egle Sigler,asimov.freenode.net
supamatt,unaffiliated/supamatt,supamatt,rajaniemi.freenode.net
v12aml,bnc.v12aml.ru,Denis,weber.freenode.net
cebruns,134.134.137.75,Curt E Bruns,card.freenode.net
fungi,cthulhu.yuggoth.org,Jeremy Stanley,niven.freenode.net
cebruns_,198.199.112.226,Curt E Bruns,asimov.freenode.net
kragniz,nyaa.kragniz.eu,kragniz,asimov.freenode.net
zhenguo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lmtdbcxuxqizpidt,Zhenguo,wilhelm.freenode.net
jmccrory,2604:a880:1:20::1e4:1001,jimmy,adams.freenode.net
markd_,91.194.158.21,Mark Davidson,verne.freenode.net
_fortis,static.141.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,fortis,wilhelm.freenode.net
kwathore_,nat/hp/x-qqkriulcwuewcyjf,realname,orwell.freenode.net
jdurgin,206.169.83.146,Josh Durgin,hitchcock.freenode.net
geguileo,nat/redhat/x-qvulmuhmtisudjin,Gorka Eguileor,wolfe.freenode.net
sticker_,202.58.44.48,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
serverascode,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sivsdwiswnhrzhzm,Curtis,tepper.freenode.net
xianghui_,116.35.213.162.lcy-02.canonistack.canonical.com,XIANGHUI,verne.freenode.net
rmk,unaffiliated/rmk,Rafi Khardalian,card.freenode.net
zhiyan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uxxlfdzreyxglvbq,Zhi Yan Liu,adams.freenode.net
theanalyst,gateway/shell/firrre/x-ffdsglackckfwnfq,abhi,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
laughterwym,58.247.27.160,laughterwym,niven.freenode.net
ckonstanski,63.228.66.31,unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
lifeless,122-57-100-209.jetstream.xtra.co.nz,Robert Collins,adams.freenode.net
sileht,gizmo.sileht.net,Mehdi Abaakouk,card.freenode.net
openstackstatus,eavesdrop.openstack.org,openstackstatus,tepper.freenode.net
rmstar,109.237.208.181,Johnny,asimov.freenode.net
markstur,nat/ibm/x-jajrszaupfwxuhvk,Mark Sturdevant,verne.freenode.net
mnaser,unaffiliated/mnaser,Mohammed Naser,wilhelm.freenode.net
liverpooler,nat/redhat/x-drqddvszasgiulyn,Yogev Rabl,verne.freenode.net
openstackgerrit,review.openstack.org,openstackgerrit,card.freenode.net
zengyingzhe_,119.145.15.121,realname,niven.freenode.net
ildikov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nyugjoyyhlzxymho,Ildiko Vancsa,wilhelm.freenode.net
bradjones,unaffiliated/jab,Bradley Jones,tepper.freenode.net
thingee,ip-173-236-253-123.nodes.dreamcompute.net,Mike Perez,wilhelm.freenode.net
dmellado,nat/redhat/x-chhbmhucaiwfeevi,dmellado,barjavel.freenode.net
lennyb,193.47.165.251,Lenny Verkhovsky,orwell.freenode.net
rarora,miintdef.sbc.com,Rohan Arora,barjavel.freenode.net
uberjay,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:feae:2b00,Josh,wolfe.freenode.net
jklare,185.27.181.36,Jan Klare,verne.freenode.net
hoonetorg,77.119.226.254.static.drei.at,hoonetorg,hitchcock.freenode.net
boris-42,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ygcueofkxqtufdad,Boris,wolfe.freenode.net
kaisers,ip5b40300f.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,purple,card.freenode.net
markvoelker,107.15.89.201,markvoelker,tepper.freenode.net
BlackDex,ori.vyus.nl,BlackDex,wolfe.freenode.net
mvk,ip4-62-4-104-42.cust.nbox.cz,Marian,orwell.freenode.net
nkrinner_afk,nat/novell/x-lmefypikxqntiynw,Nanuk Krinner,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mfisch,ubuntu/member/mfisch,Matt Fischer,karatkievich.freenode.net
fnordahl,u.fnordahl.com,Frode Nordahl,weber.freenode.net
jroll,unaffiliated/jroll,jroll,leguin.freenode.net
jidar,104.207.140.225,jidar,weber.freenode.net
asselin,75-53-90-15.lightspeed.rcklca.sbcglobal.net,realname,adams.freenode.net
alonma,195.110.40.242,alonma,barjavel.freenode.net
harlowja,64.202.160.76,Joshua Harlow,niven.freenode.net
dgonzalez,148.251.114.23,Daniel Gonzalez,hitchcock.freenode.net
ameade,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-awjvfnnsfwyxsbsb,Alex,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lyarwood,yarwood.me.uk,Lee Yarwood,karatkievich.freenode.net
Blaksmith,unaffiliated/blaksmith,Anyone I Want,asimov.freenode.net
DrHaribo,unaffiliated/drharibo,DrHaribo,wolfe.freenode.net
luke-jr,unaffiliated/luke-jr,Luke Dashjr,hitchcock.freenode.net
wizkid057,unaffiliated/wizkid057,wk,verne.freenode.net
sbp,tea.infomesh.net,sbp,verne.freenode.net
annalimo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nbhfbutcoafztphz,Anna Limodoro,wolfe.freenode.net
spion,unaffiliated/spion,Gorgi Kosev,adams.freenode.net
delYsid,debian/developer/mlang,unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
stepcut_,c-50-172-171-250.hsd1.il.comcast.net,stepcut,verne.freenode.net
saurik,carrier.saurik.com,Jay Freeman (saurik),adams.freenode.net
{AS},gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gmujsurqwwbkydlu,Ahmad Salim,adams.freenode.net
carter-znc,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe6e:6c01,Carter Schonwald,karatkievich.freenode.net
ocharles_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oiwisterqzmqgmyt,Oliver Charles,wilhelm.freenode.net
wrmsr,ec2-54-193-61-240.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Ubuntu,hitchcock.freenode.net
raichoo,i59F6C14A.versanet.de,purple,leguin.freenode.net
m1dnight_,77.109.112.234,Christophe De Troyer,leguin.freenode.net
rstone,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tuztnfsokexcvdcm,Ramsey Stone,wolfe.freenode.net
Adeon,necrofantasy.trankesbel.com,muskotit,tepper.freenode.net
Philippa,2001:4b98:dc0:43:216:3eff:fe1c:4d7a,Philippa Cowderoy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mudphone,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ixsnsvkduckxnnvy,Kyle,adams.freenode.net
Sgeo,ool-18e4354b.dyn.optonline.net,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Gurkenglas,dslb-178-008-183-121.178.008.pools.vodafone-ip.de,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ristos,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eqsxfqkcpjvfjech,Risto,sinisalo.freenode.net
cswords,blurry.ninja,Unknown,card.freenode.net
idris-bot,dslb-188-109-011-060.188.109.pools.vodafone-ip.de,IRC-Idris shim,card.freenode.net
m1dnight1,83.ip-164-132-199.eu,Christophe De Troyer,barjavel.freenode.net
mudfog_,ec2-54-152-211-54.compute-1.amazonaws.com,andreas,barjavel.freenode.net
defanor,cupcake.uberspace.net,defanor,sinisalo.freenode.net
joe9,ip68-106-244-183.ph.ph.cox.net,Joe,weber.freenode.net
byorgey,haskell/developer/byorgey,Brent Yorgey,leguin.freenode.net
milessabin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zrwbqyricdjttcqq,Miles Sabin,wolfe.freenode.net
Jello_Raptor,li641-12.members.linode.com,Jello_Raptor,hitchcock.freenode.net
ilovezfs_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-joxmqzokakpdjbjj,ilovezfs_,wolfe.freenode.net
so,unaffiliated/so,s,verne.freenode.net
vili_,2605:a000:ffc0:d8:5c8e:e37d:ec73:4299,Nope.,leguin.freenode.net
japesinator,static.98.94.9.176.clients.your-server.de,japesinator,barjavel.freenode.net
pyrtsa,gateway/shell/tkk.fi/x-txfjtmggjpahtiif,Pyry Jahkola,adams.freenode.net
tsani,ec2-52-25-106-113.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,jake,hitchcock.freenode.net
e,freenode/staff/spy.edk,Ed Kellett,niven.freenode.net
uwap,genja.uwap.name,uwap,orwell.freenode.net
Cale,CPE9c5c8eb8e0c8-CM0c473de9d680.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,realname,card.freenode.net
enolan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jersdjqfijztpmtd,Echo Nolan,leguin.freenode.net
alphonse23_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tukqyuettmgaccly,Sean Westfall,wilhelm.freenode.net
hamgom,pD950B0EC.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
mmn80,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-asppxosthmciwvfh,Călin Ardelean,karatkievich.freenode.net
epta,nuda.space,m,adams.freenode.net
lounge-user11,taran.tardis.ed.ac.uk,The Lounge User,barjavel.freenode.net
isd,pool-108-20-43-231.bstnma.fios.verizon.net,purple,karatkievich.freenode.net
Chobbes,S0106b81619e91574.ed.shawcable.net,Chirps,karatkievich.freenode.net
jfojtl,40.115.60.203,Jakub Fojtl,wolfe.freenode.net
Fuuzetsu,37.139.11.195,Shana,karatkievich.freenode.net
bairyn,unaffiliated/bob0,Byron Johnson,orwell.freenode.net
mikeplus32,unaffiliated/mikeplus64,mike,niven.freenode.net
postpunkjustin,198.199.114.178,justinholguin,niven.freenode.net
jun,2001:41d0:51:1::1a0,jun,wilhelm.freenode.net
staffehn,2001:41d0:52:d00::1d3,Frank,karatkievich.freenode.net
jkoff,104.131.91.96,Jonathan Koff,rajaniemi.freenode.net
icen_,00-30-48-be-d2-95.warwick.ac.uk,Caleb Quilley,orwell.freenode.net
jkni,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-unndgppvcusbqmkb,Joel Knighton,wilhelm.freenode.net
mankyKitty,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ptzkdishdnalmfkq,Sean,wilhelm.freenode.net
halorgium,ceramic.spork.in,halorgium,wilhelm.freenode.net
mjacob,gateway/shell/uberspace.de/x-rjqtntmziztennhq,Foo Bar,adams.freenode.net
ziocroc,151.74.62.94,ziocroc,asimov.freenode.net
clementd,195-154-104-65.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Clément Delafargue,asimov.freenode.net
mbrcknl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fffgwjolumyrpcjy,Matthew Brecknell,adams.freenode.net
Wizek,catv-89-132-132-110.catv.broadband.hu,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
zimmermann,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xvzvhxqjigucmqvs,Stefan Zimmermann,adams.freenode.net
theolaurent,2001:41d0:1:c776::,theo,leguin.freenode.net
ladyfriday,unaffiliated/mrmonday,Robert Clipsham,wilhelm.freenode.net
profmakx,unaffiliated/profmakx,Markus Pfeiffer,verne.freenode.net
gleki,173-13-139-237-sfba.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,gleki / Gleki Arxokuna ; Lojbanist ; mw.lojban.org,leguin.freenode.net
hexagoxel,p200300798F667000021E33FFFE2231E9.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,hexagoxel,wilhelm.freenode.net
chris2,vuxu.org,Christian Neukirchen,niven.freenode.net
Ivanych,89.169.134.135,purple,card.freenode.net
diakopter,host12.appflux.net,mwilson,verne.freenode.net
fireglow,2001:bc8:3353:200::1337,fireglow,wolfe.freenode.net
niklasl,c83-249-72-11.bredband.comhem.se,niklasl,wolfe.freenode.net
Majiir,2601:18c:c181:2750:211:32ff:fe42:6eda,Majiir,karatkievich.freenode.net
christiansen`,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:feae:5ff2,David Christiansen,niven.freenode.net
`lm`,ec2-52-90-247-7.compute-1.amazonaws.com,`lm`,adams.freenode.net
gluegadget,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nsrpogwaizdusdtk,Amir M. Saeid,wolfe.freenode.net
sinetek,sinet3k.com,sinetek,wilhelm.freenode.net
geheimnis`,23.226.237.192,geheimnis,rajaniemi.freenode.net
majjoha,ec2-52-57-95-181.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Mathias Jean Johansen,barjavel.freenode.net
norotartagen,71-89-76-184.dhcp.bycy.mi.charter.com,www.aoeu2code.com,tepper.freenode.net
andreypopp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-otpsrbhmjzpnbvmu,Andrey Popp,rajaniemi.freenode.net
relrod,redhat/relrod,rickymain,asimov.freenode.net
jmct,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-meyaajexbtjlzcwm,José Manuel Calderón Trilla,wolfe.freenode.net
ephemeron,unaffiliated/ephemeron,ephemeron,karatkievich.freenode.net
mudri,pip.srcf.societies.cam.ac.uk,James Wood,wolfe.freenode.net
mietek,unaffiliated/mietek,Miëtek Bak,sinisalo.freenode.net
clayrat,li646-92.members.linode.com,skyr,adams.freenode.net
theDon,p5DDA8722.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Maximilian Marx,orwell.freenode.net
cin,pdpc/supporter/student/zhuangzi,cin,niven.freenode.net
null_radix,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-rlobvrjyjhyjwkhn,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,niven.freenode.net
dredozubov,37.139.21.214,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
copumpkin,haskell/developer/copumpkin,Gourdmeister,hitchcock.freenode.net
Xandaros,unaffiliated/xandaros,xandaros,tepper.freenode.net
jgross,mass-toolpike.mit.edu,jgross,card.freenode.net
betheynyx,45.63.76.107,Public key was not set,wilhelm.freenode.net
luigy,104.236.106.229,luigy,orwell.freenode.net
lopex,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jtheiiwvbzdxowtf,Marcin Mielżyński,sinisalo.freenode.net
owickstrom,ec2-52-17-47-197.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Oskar Wickström,barjavel.freenode.net
ilja_kuklic,217.38.84.24,ilja_kuklic,wolfe.freenode.net
vikraman,gentoo/developer/vikraman,Vikraman,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jfdm,2a02:c7d:2e4c:a500:3d56:a670:d252:971,jfdm,sinisalo.freenode.net
sekjun9878,unaffiliated/sekjun9878,Michael Yoo,orwell.freenode.net
bshelden,unaffiliated/dashkal,bshelden,barjavel.freenode.net
fabianvf,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ruxrkyswokzoxerm,Fabian von Feilitzsch,wolfe.freenode.net
rom1504,rom1504.fr,rom1504,niven.freenode.net
lpaste,unaffiliated/chrisdone,lpaste,niven.freenode.net
haasn,haasn.xyz,haasn,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hodapp,ns508885.ip-142-4-208.net,hodapp,tepper.freenode.net
esph,unaffiliated/esph,weechat,sinisalo.freenode.net
tissue,52.197.164.145,tissue,wilhelm.freenode.net
cdidd,unaffiliated/cdidd,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
vendethiel,118.59.28.93.rev.sfr.net,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
ski,remote11.chalmers.se,Stefan Ljungstrand,weber.freenode.net
rodlogic,ec2-54-84-114-28.compute-1.amazonaws.com,rodlogic,niven.freenode.net
adamse,unaffiliated/adamse,adamse,adams.freenode.net
heinrich5991,unaffiliated/heinrich5991,heinrich5991,rajaniemi.freenode.net
FreeFull,defocus/sausage-lover,FreeFull,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mudfog,ec2-54-152-211-54.compute-1.amazonaws.com,andreas,barjavel.freenode.net
augur,c-73-46-94-9.hsd1.fl.comcast.net,augur,hitchcock.freenode.net
mettekou,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/mettekou,Dylan Meysmans,leguin.freenode.net
jedws,119.17.160.225,Jed,adams.freenode.net
ziman,functor.sk,= Matus Tejiscak,card.freenode.net
banjiewen,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lugfuvtnedqozcio,Benjamin Anderson,adams.freenode.net
shapr,haskell/developer/shapr,Shae Erisson,verne.freenode.net
Bodil,pdpc/supporter/student/bodil,Bodil Stokke,adams.freenode.net
irishsultan,eddy.cloud.tilaa.com,joerisamson,asimov.freenode.net
mpickering,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-berwzulwzweykqyw,Matthew Pickering,orwell.freenode.net
bjz,14-201-215-168.tpgi.com.au,Brendan Zabarauskas,weber.freenode.net
carvite,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,carvite,wolfe.freenode.net
joneshf-laptop,c-73-220-86-28.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Hardy Jones,niven.freenode.net
sisir___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bcxeczkwzgwlqmri,Sisir Koppaka,adams.freenode.net
edwinb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mbgbuzeyxhbdvcjq,Edwin Brady,adams.freenode.net
ggherdov`__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kihzplutqrpubrwv,Giovanni Gherdovich,wolfe.freenode.net
agjacome,37.223.223.63,Alberto G. Jacome,hitchcock.freenode.net
silver,93.85.50.147,silver,orwell.freenode.net
owlscientist,sburn/devel/name,Got ZNC?,verne.freenode.net
lispy,li343-23.members.linode.com,Jason Dagit,wolfe.freenode.net
hoelzro,hoelz.ro,Rob Hoelz,adams.freenode.net
lyddonb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-njiawfgfvafnsbsn,Beau Lyddon,hitchcock.freenode.net
locallycompact,cpc4-asht7-2-0-cust585.10-1.cable.virginm.net,lc,rajaniemi.freenode.net
comietek,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uenxwareydslofks,Miëtek Bak,wolfe.freenode.net
echo_oddly,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe89:10be,David Virgilio,wolfe.freenode.net
cantstanya,unaffiliated/cantstanya,chatting,wolfe.freenode.net
ehamberg,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gdayqjtezmqoykco,Erlend Hamberg,wilhelm.freenode.net
orzo_,lasker.childrenofmay.org,ugly red zebra,wolfe.freenode.net
crough,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yrmzmehaagzenmnn,Alex Feldman-Crough,wolfe.freenode.net
bigs,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sbwvhlmfueaslouf,Cole Brown,wilhelm.freenode.net
MitchellSalad,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uoochhruwjugtnbd,MitchellSalad,karatkievich.freenode.net
Guest22330,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gkqqkaxgzfaalstz,Stephan Seidt,adams.freenode.net
jle`,unaffiliated/mstksg,= "Justin Le",sinisalo.freenode.net
kjanosz,45.32.180.10,kjanosz,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Tenhi,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,Kauan,sinisalo.freenode.net
KaneTW,srv2.kane.cx,kane,karatkievich.freenode.net
pdxleif,ec2-54-68-166-10.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Leif Warner,weber.freenode.net
smkz,unaffiliated/smkz,x,adams.freenode.net
gallais,n142254.science.ru.nl,G. Allais,wilhelm.freenode.net
stryx`,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,stryx,karatkievich.freenode.net
PoroCYon,zif.io,PoroCYon,verne.freenode.net
MarcelineVQ,S0106602ad0983de6.no.shawcable.net,anjana,hitchcock.freenode.net
bernalex,gentoo/developer/fsf.member.bernalex,alexander berntsen,barjavel.freenode.net
taktoa,pool-98-113-22-14.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,Remy Goldschmidt,leguin.freenode.net
jroesch_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xrdwsqqnwxkomkco,Jared Roesch,wilhelm.freenode.net
cmcl1,176.126.246.10,cmcl,sinisalo.freenode.net
kosmikus,haskell/developer/kosmikus,Kosmikus,wilhelm.freenode.net
posco,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-scicbqotwdcmupoy,Oscar Boykin,roddenberry.freenode.net
peerst,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mncjdmiubomjzsrg,Peer Stritzinger,card.freenode.net
averell,unaffiliated/averell,Averell,leguin.freenode.net
gfixler,cpe-108-185-238-241.socal.res.rr.com,gfixler,weber.freenode.net
aloiscochard,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wfrbmiyckodmnunm,Alois Cochard,tepper.freenode.net
Jon,dow.land,Jonathan Dowland (PGP: 0x06AAAAAA),niven.freenode.net
dedgrant,192-40-237-82.dedicated.allstream.net,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
wagle,irc.wagle.io,Perry Wagle,,,,,verne.freenode.net
carter,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmhweqsuvocmbizu,Carter Schonwald,wolfe.freenode.net
Ralith_,c-24-143-67-131.customer.broadstripe.net,Ralith,tepper.freenode.net
yastero,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-epqheffhjtsmptqq,Dave Rostron,niven.freenode.net
apples,ec2-54-213-244-80.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,apples,verne.freenode.net
sdrodge,unaffiliated/sdrodge,Stephen Drodge,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dsm,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-apbwcujnxcalinec,dsm_,leguin.freenode.net
solidsnack,pdpc/supporter/active/solidsnack,Jason Dusek,adams.freenode.net
IN_AL_60H,linux1.csie.ntu.edu.tw,b00902107,barjavel.freenode.net
dca,146.185.164.188,DCA,kornbluth.freenode.net
minad,server.qxqx.de,minad,adams.freenode.net
mitchty,130-245-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,Mitchell Tishmack,card.freenode.net
regreg,85.121.54.224,regreg,adams.freenode.net
john51,15255.s.t4vps.eu,John,sinisalo.freenode.net
yurrriq,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-npxrqnmagzqwoyos,Eric Bailey,wolfe.freenode.net
gridaphobe,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe50:9c4e,Eric Seidel,adams.freenode.net
elazul,unaffiliated/elazul,elazul,leguin.freenode.net
qmm,unaffiliated/qmm,Daniel Bennet,verne.freenode.net
rpip,w00t.w00t.w00t.firrre.com,Yao,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Melvar,dslb-188-109-011-060.188.109.pools.vodafone-ip.de,melvar,orwell.freenode.net
dustinm,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dustinm,weber.freenode.net
nicoo,unaffiliated/nicoo,Nicolas Braud-Santoni,tepper.freenode.net
Merv,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vfmgvjvyxojnsibj,Merv Hammer,wolfe.freenode.net
andreas23,91.32.205.87,Andreas Bogk,wilhelm.freenode.net
brixen,208.68.39.152,Brian Shirai,karatkievich.freenode.net
dubek,unaffiliated/dubek,Dov Murik,weber.freenode.net
reynir,unaffiliated/reynir,reynir,niven.freenode.net
scopedTV,huygens.functor.nl,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
metalrain,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rivszxqodfkrxrjt,Otto Martikainen,niven.freenode.net
canndrew_,canndrew.org,Andrew Cann,orwell.freenode.net
stoopkid,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pkutxntzzukvwbtx,stoopkid,rajaniemi.freenode.net
stasku_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nmylgnccfohamqvx,B,weber.freenode.net
adelbertc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cdfbxmlidleurtea,adelbertc,wilhelm.freenode.net
doppioslash,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zxhavsbrdaoszwul,Claudia Doppioslash,barjavel.freenode.net
kmicu,176.56.237.191,kmicu,wilhelm.freenode.net
ljhms,h-170-46.a486.priv.bahnhof.se,ljhms,card.freenode.net
liyang,flets-tk1194.kamome.or.jp,Liyang HU,rajaniemi.freenode.net
moei,softbank221078042071.bbtec.net,moei,verne.freenode.net
pleiosaur,li100-7.members.linode.com,Ben Striegel,karatkievich.freenode.net
exio4,unaffiliated/hacker,exio4,adams.freenode.net
alercah,unaffiliated/alercah,Alexis Hunt,weber.freenode.net
Albon,fick.campus.ltu.se,"Tomtenisse #40",card.freenode.net
ankan,h-244-35.a159.priv.bahnhof.se,= "ankan",verne.freenode.net
rsa,cust-82-99-109-35.alvsbyn.com,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
eatfrog,c83-255-176-32.bredband.comhem.se,Henri,wilhelm.freenode.net
Belgarion0,dedi.brokenbrain.se,aoeu,asimov.freenode.net
irtermite,irc.cloudnull.io,Dale Bracey,wolfe.freenode.net
ediardo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hmqforzzkrvpiepi,Eddie Ramirez,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
mrkz_afk,192.55.54.43,Marcos Simental,niven.freenode.net
nOrNIc,unaffiliated/nornic,nOrNIc,asimov.freenode.net
MysticalGrape,unaffiliated/mysticalgrape,MysticalGrape,barjavel.freenode.net
ComradeAnderson,unaffiliated/comradeanderson,Gordon Anderson,tepper.freenode.net
cspotcode,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ecgmrmqrdermycmm,cspotcode,wilhelm.freenode.net
funnel,unaffiliated/espiral,funnel,hitchcock.freenode.net
Alcest,69.64.40.177,Ecailles de lune,leguin.freenode.net
_W_,irc.w-wins.com,John Raymond Wold,tepper.freenode.net
sagerdearia,unaffiliated/necrodearia,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
hecliunyx,45.63.76.107,hecliunyx,leguin.freenode.net
dleonard1,mediavitamin.com,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
jae,unaffiliated/jae,jae,leguin.freenode.net
isaacdurazo,ec2-54-165-100-204.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Isaac Durazo,adams.freenode.net
JelmerD,vps.avolans.nl,Jelmer D.,leguin.freenode.net
scott_gonzalez,gateway/shell/jquery.com/x-yinkbbhcvzhrrvtz,Scott González,verne.freenode.net
gseguin|away,gateway/shell/jquery.com/x-gmnxrdbtzonwpvrn,Ghislain Seguin,verne.freenode.net
tabakhase,unaffiliated/tabakhase,Christian Tabakhase Hackmann,karatkievich.freenode.net
daynaskully,unaffiliated/daynaskully,dayna,verne.freenode.net
aleckz,what.you.say.icanhaserror.com,aleckz,niven.freenode.net
w0rp,host31-53-133-102.range31-53.btcentralplus.com,w0rp,adams.freenode.net
bbankes,75-169-249-148.slkc.qwest.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
howdoi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-imxeebhacldqcypz,howdoi,wilhelm.freenode.net
sssilver,2605:6000:ee54:b500:4c01:c7ad:acb2:bb9f,Silver,karatkievich.freenode.net
kutenai,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-slovewdqwssplglc,Ed Henderson,karatkievich.freenode.net
sakustar,srv-185-18-77-126.shellit.fi,kakka,leguin.freenode.net
rogerraymond,linode.lynch-raymond.com,Roger Raymond,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mrkake,209-6-195-29.c3-0.smr-ubr2.sbo-smr.ma.cable.rcn.com,kake kake,wilhelm.freenode.net
sergiocrisostomo,dv.mootools.net,Sergio,asimov.freenode.net
tapout,unaffiliated/tapout,Qt FTW,wilhelm.freenode.net
beckyconning__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fpdwnyleixufcynv,Becky,weber.freenode.net
ajpiano,li98-57.members.linode.com,adam j. sontag,leguin.freenode.net
phillipadsmith,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zgwjmxrxpmdbcefg,Phillip Smith,adams.freenode.net
terminalpixel,ns364321.ip-91-121-122.eu,Grant Richmond,weber.freenode.net
johnnyfive,unaffiliated/isalive,The better version.,wolfe.freenode.net
HarryHallman,ec2-52-23-192-47.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Harry Hallman,verne.freenode.net
michael_mbp,ec2-52-76-80-88.ap-southeast-1.compute.amazonaws.com,John Dorian,asimov.freenode.net
jzaefferer,gateway/shell/jquery.com/x-tkgflokslrvzkrvb,Jörn Zaefferer,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kesarr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xnkdvzttlytvjltl,Kesarr,adams.freenode.net
joshtau,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nodmupbnkcqcveof,joshtau,wilhelm.freenode.net
webguynow,c-73-22-239-213.hsd1.il.comcast.net,...,orwell.freenode.net
Hobogamer,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.193.169.154.224,Hobogamer,card.freenode.net
monokrome,54.88.139.115,Bailey Stoner,rajaniemi.freenode.net
equilibriumuk,2602:ffda:aaa::2194:1ef2,equilibriumuk,sinisalo.freenode.net
gnarf,unaffiliated/gnarf,Corey Frang,niven.freenode.net
rop,2.neukolln.net,Andrew,orwell.freenode.net
McJesus,butts.the-jesus.com,JESUS,leguin.freenode.net
kitt_,pdpc/supporter/sustaining/kitt,Kitt Hodsden,adams.freenode.net
tiwest,unaffiliated/tiwest,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
shennyg,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zhjbpfhcpwkqxbow,shennyg,adams.freenode.net
tkellen,ec2-54-165-100-204.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Tyler Kellen,barjavel.freenode.net
sweatsuit,unaffiliated/sweatsuit,jp,tepper.freenode.net
scorphus,CAcert/User/scorphus,scorphus,weber.freenode.net
twisted`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmeuevvcnrsegdxc,twisted,karatkievich.freenode.net
YoY,ltl56-2-88-169-169-201.fbx.proxad.net,YoY,barjavel.freenode.net
rcs,64.62.231.122,freenode,wolfe.freenode.net
adamblock,173.247.203.186,Adam Block,sinisalo.freenode.net
milkandtang,bolik.fardogllc.com,Nathan Wittstock,adams.freenode.net
pk12,163.172.210.79,pk12,adams.freenode.net
Bnaya,unaffiliated/bnaya,Bnaya Peretz,wilhelm.freenode.net
ebi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hxxkonhilxhfsopm,Tobias Ebnöther,wilhelm.freenode.net
sunoano1,unaffiliated/sunoano,Markus Gattol,leguin.freenode.net
ryanpcmcquen,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-poxycdyxohxurphu,Ryan P.C. McQuen,wolfe.freenode.net
jeko,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ulzcbleyrgjvovqy,jeko,wilhelm.freenode.net
inara,68.ip-149-56-14.net,inara,karatkievich.freenode.net
JonathanNeal,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tjcqzgkhqmuxjaxj,Jonathan Neal,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mize,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lzzciqwlwjbxeqfz,Sean Mize,wilhelm.freenode.net
zyxep,zyxep.net,zyxep,verne.freenode.net
techntoke__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sqjqrxwuefmepfaz,techntoke__,adams.freenode.net
rossdm,unaffiliated/rossdm,Ross Martin,hitchcock.freenode.net
kadamwhite,ec2-54-165-100-204.compute-1.amazonaws.com,K.Adam,wolfe.freenode.net
ygeLN,unaffiliated/ygeln,merrobly,card.freenode.net
systmkor,unaffiliated/systmkor,systmkor,niven.freenode.net
Dirkpitt,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/dirkpitt,dreams,sinisalo.freenode.net
makruger,pool-108-20-232-57.bstnma.fios.verizon.net,Michael Kruger,adams.freenode.net
kshannon,server.kris.shannon.id.au,Kris Shannon,tepper.freenode.net
tsoome,220-90-235-80.dyn.estpak.ee,Toomas Soome,hitchcock.freenode.net
v_a_b,p5B371012.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Volker A. Brandt,sinisalo.freenode.net
churnd,unaffiliated/churnd,churnd,barjavel.freenode.net
ikonia,unaffiliated/ikonia,Matt Darcy,wilhelm.freenode.net
Dr_Cain,hoho.se,Dr. Cain,asimov.freenode.net
tg2,205.204.66.35,tg2,tepper.freenode.net
scarcry,2001:980:93d7:1:80c9:7fff:fe0f:aaf8,marco,wolfe.freenode.net
Aram,unaffiliated/aramdune,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jbk,syzygy.io,This space for rent,barjavel.freenode.net
lpsmith,unaffiliated/lpsmith,Leon P Smith,orwell.freenode.net
JT-EC,95.131.254.238,JT-EC,sinisalo.freenode.net
papertigers,pool-71-186-191-36.bflony.fios.verizon.net,mike,card.freenode.net
tozhu,218.88.87.112,tozhu,card.freenode.net
dillona,165.225.131.166,Dillon A,card.freenode.net
klynton,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qcnojszviskhrqxc,Klynton,adams.freenode.net
Bryanstein,shellium/admin/bryanstein,Bryan Smith,asimov.freenode.net
woleium,bc.io,woleium,card.freenode.net
alanc,inet-hqmc01-o.oracle.com,Alan Coopersmith,verne.freenode.net
psy0rz,lounge.datux.nl,mai,asimov.freenode.net
joltman,unaffiliated/joltman,znc,leguin.freenode.net
Gnubie__,gp.chris-kelly.net,*,asimov.freenode.net
Polar_Glory,fragomat.net,LUG-IN Heavy Support Team,asimov.freenode.net
herzen,dynamic-acs-24-144-173-48.zoominternet.net,Alex Viskovatoff,card.freenode.net
Alasdairrr,irc.eu-man.everycity.co.uk,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
porkotron,punainen.org,Bo Halko,sinisalo.freenode.net
tru_tru,atsukau.bis.pasteur.fr,Tru,asimov.freenode.net
arg,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zxcmaxcrsxnyeuuh,Adam Richmond-Gordon,adams.freenode.net
eryc,unaffiliated/internetjanitor,eric,wilhelm.freenode.net
Kassandry,kassandry.net,Kassandry,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dasjoe,americangirlscouts.org,dasjoe,karatkievich.freenode.net
ilovezfs_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-joxmqzokakpdjbjj,ilovezfs_,wolfe.freenode.net
Warod,lakka.kapsi.fi,Jesse Hulkko,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jesser,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qiofsdbeegyjhred,Jesse Reynolds,wolfe.freenode.net
aaro,unaffiliated/xyox/x-040147,aaro,asimov.freenode.net
danmcd,static-71-174-113-16.bstnma.fios.verizon.net,Dan McDonald,orwell.freenode.net
patdk-wk,2001:470:e0ba:5:7965:d1ce:5d5e:c454,Patrick Domack,karatkievich.freenode.net
xenol,2a01:8c00:ff48:1a6c::dead:beef,user,niven.freenode.net
matt_c,162.243.108.144,Matt Croydon,orwell.freenode.net
Guest87038,gateway/web/freenode/ip.109.190.254.32,proxy-109-190-254-32.ovh.net/109.190.254.32,herbert.freenode.net
jdt,208.85.233.130,Justin Thomas,card.freenode.net
kovert,saidin.omniscient.com,purple,wolfe.freenode.net
bitchecker,31.131.20.132,bitchecker,adams.freenode.net
Kurlon,cpe-104-228-216-170.maine.res.rr.com,Joshua Coombs,adams.freenode.net
DarkSoul[Tokyo],y094193.ppp.asahi-net.or.jp,Anryou Yaminosuke,wolfe.freenode.net
joes,178.62.85.212,Joe Santoro,karatkievich.freenode.net
eki,dsl-hkibrasgw3-58c3d9-104.dhcp.inet.fi,eki,leguin.freenode.net
arekinath,pdpc/supporter/professional/arekinath,alex,adams.freenode.net
Raszh,64.182.114.36,Was I what you wanted me to be?,karatkievich.freenode.net
copec,schrodbox.unaen.org,copec,asimov.freenode.net
bahamas10,cpe-98-5-18-96.buffalo.res.rr.com,bahamas10,karatkievich.freenode.net
latez,insomnia.nyc,Hope in reality is the worst of all evils.,card.freenode.net
kev009_,tempe0.bbox.io,Kevin Bowling,leguin.freenode.net
patdk-lap,96-91-219-129-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,Patrick Domack,leguin.freenode.net
fling,fsf/member/fling,fling,card.freenode.net
jkni,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-unndgppvcusbqmkb,Joel Knighton,wilhelm.freenode.net
psychicist__,ip127-8-212-87.adsl2.static.versatel.nl,psychicist__,karatkievich.freenode.net
Woodstock,beiss.dessnourst.de,Hans Rosenfeld,niven.freenode.net
ggherdov-,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lksoozvjdnfopqdp,Giovanni Gherdovich,wolfe.freenode.net
Qatz,2601:187:8400:5::427,DB,karatkievich.freenode.net
saolsen,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jheshslgsojwwafs,Stephen Olsen,karatkievich.freenode.net
jduggan,s.tankengine.org.uk,jduggan AS200623,barjavel.freenode.net
JStoker,unaffiliated/jstoker,JStoker,niven.freenode.net
bdha,165.225.136.186,Bryan Horstmann-Allen,orwell.freenode.net
blSnoopy,miram.persei.mw.lg.virgo.supercluster.net,Snoopy the Beagle,verne.freenode.net
LeftWing,165.225.150.55,Joshua Clulow,verne.freenode.net
kdavyd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-aqzuiojewmvquvrm,Kirill Davydychev,wilhelm.freenode.net
sjorge,unaffiliated/sjorge,Jorge Schrauwen,sinisalo.freenode.net
merzo,93-195-113-92.pool.ukrtel.net,merzo,asimov.freenode.net
Bdragon,drupal.org/user/53081/view,Brandon Bergren,tepper.freenode.net
Eimann,courante.etherkiller.de,Dominik Bay,wolfe.freenode.net
chris2,vuxu.org,Christian Neukirchen,niven.freenode.net
bnjf,tai1-sg.quadhost.net,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
Nitial,kekkonen.niksula.hut.fi,Sakari Laitinen,wilhelm.freenode.net
fireglow,2001:bc8:3353:200::1337,fireglow,wolfe.freenode.net
lblume,greenviolet/laoyijiehe/lblume,Laurent Blume,adams.freenode.net
cebreidian,45.63.76.107,Don't Panic,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Kelzier,77.105.60.40,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
kayatwork,orca.zerda.net,kayfox,verne.freenode.net
dubf,ti0272a430-1037.bb.online.no,dubf,rajaniemi.freenode.net
t4ryn,unaffiliated/t4ryn,❤️💛💚💙💜,rajaniemi.freenode.net
wonko,wiggum.4amlunch.net,Brian Hechinger,verne.freenode.net
kyl,port.tyrfingr.is,K,orwell.freenode.net
FuntDobra,213.251.198.102,FuntDobra,card.freenode.net
sensille,diome.rzone.de,Arne Jansen,niven.freenode.net
Tsesarevich,fluxbuntu/founder/joejaxx,Otshelnik,adams.freenode.net
_Tenchi_,207-255-68-080-dhcp.aoo.pa.atlanticbb.net,Phillip,orwell.freenode.net
cherimoya,rezalsrohn.rzone.de,Simon,card.freenode.net
jeffpc,josefsipek.net,Jeff Sipek,asimov.freenode.net
madwizard,217.8.185.189,Damian Wojslaw,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pcd,unaffiliated/pcd,Paul Carl Dagnelie,karatkievich.freenode.net
triffid,pool-173-66-84-124.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Triffid,niven.freenode.net
baetheus,null.pub,Brandon,card.freenode.net
johngrasty,mail.ggimissions.com,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
Agnar,eenfach.de,Olaf Bohlen,weber.freenode.net
Lirion,wikimedia-commons/Lirion,Montgomery Python,leguin.freenode.net
simoneb,168.ip-92-222-28.eu,simone,barjavel.freenode.net
dlg,toy.eait.uq.edu.au,David Gwynne,roddenberry.freenode.net
wilbury,sk.FreeBSD.org,Juraj Lutter,wilhelm.freenode.net
pde,crazy.akbars.uucpshack.net,Pete Ehlke,weber.freenode.net
igork,91.204.58.44,Igor Kozhukhov,tepper.freenode.net
Nex7,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nchvpaejzlmwwsxs,Andrew,wolfe.freenode.net
nbjoerg,netbsd/developer/joerg,Joerg Sonnenberger,wolfe.freenode.net
Teknix,titanium.alloy.net,Phillip Steinbachs,hitchcock.freenode.net
janosch,diome.rzone.de,Jan Schlien,orwell.freenode.net
cypromis,vz.seventhsignal.de,Michal Bielicki,verne.freenode.net
ed209,165.225.128.67,IRC log bot,wilhelm.freenode.net
gitomat,8.19.34.211,nodeJS IRC client,card.freenode.net
igitoor,unaffiliated/contempt,igitur,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jthan,jonathandemasi.com,Jonathan DeMasi,wilhelm.freenode.net
DarkSoul,denrei.darkbsd.org,Anryou Yaminosuke,weber.freenode.net
jwit,gw.introvert.ca,tears from the moon,karatkievich.freenode.net
mustang,110.173.226.173,*Unknown*,asimov.freenode.net
livelace,93.92.201.71,livelace,leguin.freenode.net
ngchk1_,business-178-015-081-200.static.arcor-ip.net,Ulrich Wilkens,barjavel.freenode.net
vans163,159.203.9.86,vans163,card.freenode.net
_jared_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yvvcalvbmexzjdcj,Jared,adams.freenode.net
chrustler,94-137-110-36.customers.ownit.se,chrustler,sinisalo.freenode.net
CME,ip9234d04d.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,CME,kornbluth.freenode.net
toddf,2a01:4f8:131:12d0:6066:34ff:fe65:3136,Todd Fries,niven.freenode.net
heroux,gateway/shell/insomnia247/x-zxtictulaeupvvxk,heroux,wilhelm.freenode.net
tdeath,tig.thatitcompany.com,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
stoxx,kytkin.vipu.org,Tuomas Leikola,sinisalo.freenode.net
tomww,unaffiliated/tomww,Thomas Wagner,orwell.freenode.net
wiedi,ip5b41bdb7.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,wiedi,asimov.freenode.net
_joes_,178.62.85.212,Joe Santoro,asimov.freenode.net
pvs,lopsa/member/pvs,pvs,barjavel.freenode.net
bbhoss,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gbaergtcssplpzdr,Preston Marshall,wolfe.freenode.net
thurloat,104.37.192.209,Thurloat,sinisalo.freenode.net
ggherdov`__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kihzplutqrpubrwv,Giovanni Gherdovich,wolfe.freenode.net
leoric,37.112.235.200,Alexander Pyhalov,orwell.freenode.net
IvanR_,dns1.seppuku.net,ivan,niven.freenode.net
oninoshiko,199.103.2.101,purple,weber.freenode.net
MilkmanDan,wilug/expat/MilkmanDan,dan,weber.freenode.net
CustosLimen,unaffiliated/cust0slim3n,CustosLimen,tepper.freenode.net
jperkin,custard.perkin.org.uk,Jonathan Perkin,adams.freenode.net
Gaston|Home,rosie.office.tw.ly,NoOne,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sigjuice,107.170.193.86,kill -JUICE $$,weber.freenode.net
cantstanya,unaffiliated/cantstanya,chatting,wolfe.freenode.net
anniz,host-95-192-175-121.mobileonline.telia.com,tao called tao is not tao,barjavel.freenode.net
Knez,privat-54178d65.gavlenet.com,Din Mamma,sinisalo.freenode.net
CVLTCMK0,ool-457a82bf.dyn.optonline.net,CVLT,card.freenode.net
DKnoto,apn-5-60-124-34.dynamic.gprs.plus.pl,Dariusz Knociński,hitchcock.freenode.net
dagbrown,p1471158-ipngn9901souka.saitama.ocn.ne.jp,Dave Brown,weber.freenode.net
nexysno,mau78-1-88-184-111-173.fbx.proxad.net,snouhaud,adams.freenode.net
funnyguy,74.207.236.96,funnyguy,card.freenode.net
Tenhi,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,Kauan,sinisalo.freenode.net
zerick,irc.quassel.zerick.me,Erick Ocrospoma,adams.freenode.net
movement,82-69-60-206.dsl.in-addr.zen.co.uk,John Levon (levon@movementarian.org),hitchcock.freenode.net
IDoNotKnow,kudu.in-berlin.de,Tony Montana,asimov.freenode.net
Wraithh,lakka.kapsi.fi,Ilkka Sovanto,rajaniemi.freenode.net
saskaloon,indefeasible.indelect.net,Saskaloon,barjavel.freenode.net
eatonphil,li1030-104.members.linode.com,weechat,karatkievich.freenode.net
usaturn,ZP047226.ppp.dion.ne.jp,usaturn,weber.freenode.net
gwr,pool-72-74-26-75.bstnma.fios.verizon.net,gwr,card.freenode.net
glasspelican,stanley.glasspelican.ca,glasspelican,adams.freenode.net
_mjg,diabel.pl,Mateusz Guzik,orwell.freenode.net
eripa,212.116.78.217,Eric Ripa,wilhelm.freenode.net
Licenser,gollum.licenser.net,Heinz,hitchcock.freenode.net
ivo_,unaffiliated/ivo/x-7575225,Ivo,wolfe.freenode.net
andy_js,2.218.92.54,Andrew Stormont,verne.freenode.net
snuff-work,203.87.61.22,snuffy,card.freenode.net
nprice,wikipedia/nprice,Nick Price,wilhelm.freenode.net
shamgar,sourcemage/mage/Shamgar,Mark Bainter,weber.freenode.net
thomases,51.175.109.233,Thomas Espe,weber.freenode.net
p7mo,ricasa01.informatik.uni-bremen.de,...,verne.freenode.net
drscream,coconut.frubar.net,tmerkel,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
KOD3N,freebsd/lover/kod3n,KOD3N,wolfe.freenode.net
Hazelesque,lopsa/member/hazelesque,Hazel,verne.freenode.net
alp,pyhalov.cc.rsu.ru,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jcea,ks27448.kimsufi.com,jcea,wilhelm.freenode.net
adulteratedjedi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eyweqesehcyatgxx,Gavin-John Noonan,adams.freenode.net
Maxxed,ec2-107-20-252-119.compute-1.amazonaws.com,root,niven.freenode.net
nahamu,165.225.132.70,nahamu,weber.freenode.net
yomii,ip4d161c9d.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,cookies,karatkievich.freenode.net
Meths,95.151.244.195,Meths,sinisalo.freenode.net
Krotiz,unaffiliated/krotiz,Krotiz,niven.freenode.net
lotheac,kekkonen.niksula.hut.fi,Lauri Tirkkonen,tepper.freenode.net
trn,prone.ws,Jeff Johnson,asimov.freenode.net
jessfraz,unaffiliated/jessfraz,jessfraz,weber.freenode.net
echelog-2,108.61.103.42,echelog-2,karatkievich.freenode.net
thebug,unaffiliated/thebug,bug, the,niven.freenode.net
kerberizer,wikipedia/Iliev,Luchesar V. ILIEV,barjavel.freenode.net
nuclearsandwich,50-196-152-129-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,Steven! Ragnarok,rajaniemi.freenode.net
AndrewG,a20.cucumber.me.uk,purple,asimov.freenode.net
modernpacifist,CPE-121-208-222-248.mjcz2.cha.bigpond.net.au,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
jellydonut,216.165.251.212.customer.cdi.no,jelly,karatkievich.freenode.net
hawk,d.qw.se,hawk,orwell.freenode.net
yggdr,schukraft.eu,yggdrasil,asimov.freenode.net
marcelh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-opcduzzfyvjmkdug,Marcel,wolfe.freenode.net
nshp,my.domain.is.better.thanyours.com,HI,hitchcock.freenode.net
dezgot,molto.tcreech.com,dezgot,card.freenode.net
goberle,jot.ygg.tf,Guillaume Oberl�,wolfe.freenode.net
SIN3R6Y,cpe-24-209-221-100.cinci.res.rr.com,SIN3R6Y,weber.freenode.net
rabcyr,ashley.laurelmail.net,ashley,asimov.freenode.net
joshie,45.17.105.59,Josh Lohrman,asimov.freenode.net
john51,15255.s.t4vps.eu,John,sinisalo.freenode.net
konobi,165.225.156.189,Scott McWhirter,adams.freenode.net
jamesd,cpe-72-128-66-24.wi.res.rr.com,jamesd,orwell.freenode.net
ChrisJames02170,ool-1826eaa1.dyn.optonline.net, Python Bot,niven.freenode.net
TyrfingMjolnir,62.92.82.250,Tyrfing Mjolnir,karatkievich.freenode.net
asedeno,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uokabkikrgsaexfq,asedeno,adams.freenode.net
estibi,edo198144.sne.jp,Piotr Jasiukajtis,weber.freenode.net
Tempt,unaffiliated/tempt,Tempt,asimov.freenode.net
denk,devel.tambov.ru,Evil Clone of Tambov Wolf,barjavel.freenode.net
sac,nat/redhat/x-moldumatmpzlebpu,Sachidananda Urs,hitchcock.freenode.net
atrius,24-179-81-84.dhcp.jcsn.tn.charter.com,atrius,barjavel.freenode.net
dustinm,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dustinm,weber.freenode.net
aksyn,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ymupgzuqbimjdkss,aksyn,adams.freenode.net
openzfsslackbot,ec2-52-23-198-104.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nobody,sinisalo.freenode.net
kohju,gw.justplayer.com,kohju,wolfe.freenode.net
MerlinDMC,irc.l0cal.net,Daniel Malon,niven.freenode.net
daleg,pool-71-178-225-58.washdc.fios.verizon.net,daleg,tepper.freenode.net
shruti,nat/redhat/x-tvsxxkyelzehmvyz,Shruti Sampat,barjavel.freenode.net
gustav___,gustav.me.ke,Gustav Fransson Nyvell,verne.freenode.net
nathan7,unaffiliated/nathan7,We are Legion.,wilhelm.freenode.net
natefoo,enospc.org,Nate Coraor,card.freenode.net
gila,5ED4FE92.cm-7-5d.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Textual User,niven.freenode.net
jzu_,pupu.jus.si,Jussi Sallinen,card.freenode.net
jelmd,port-ip-88-150-13-208.reverse.mdcc-fun.de,Jens Elkner,sinisalo.freenode.net
mavhc,cpc77319-basf12-2-0-cust433.12-3.cable.virginm.net,mavhc,adams.freenode.net
PMT,pool-96-239-110-82.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,PMT,hitchcock.freenode.net
pjoshi,114.143.205.122,prasad,wilhelm.freenode.net
sbehrens,diome.rzone.de,Stefan Behrens,card.freenode.net
k0nsl,unaffiliated/k0nsl,k0nsl (i.am@k0nsl.org),rajaniemi.freenode.net
freqlabs,theanime.freqlabs.com,Freq Labs,karatkievich.freenode.net
richlowe,cpe-74-136-198-149.kya.res.rr.com,Rich Lowe,tepper.freenode.net
smithch,pool-108-49-142-228.bstnma.fios.verizon.net,smithch,barjavel.freenode.net
Thoorium,unaffiliated/thoorium,NotThoorium,card.freenode.net
NxtGenCowboy,vm3.ktechnology.net,NxtGenCowboy,weber.freenode.net
dLux,174-126-120-195.cpe.cableone.net,dLux,orwell.freenode.net
kastang,c-73-194-63-238.hsd1.nj.comcast.net,kastang,barjavel.freenode.net
surtin,if.this.is.a.bnc.i.cant.be.surtin.com,surtin,wilhelm.freenode.net
meepmeep,end.of.cylind.re,meepmeep,sinisalo.freenode.net
evilhero,unaffiliated/evilhero,What evil lies in the hearts of men...,niven.freenode.net
StathisA,unaffiliated/stathisa,SA,leguin.freenode.net
Red-Sox,unaffiliated/red-sox,textual user,tepper.freenode.net
[clay],104-12-248-78.lightspeed.chrlnc.sbcglobal.net,realname,asimov.freenode.net
Ladon,lucl.in,shadowknight,orwell.freenode.net
Offspring,worldssmallestviolin.net,?,wolfe.freenode.net
liriel,185.21.217.6,liriel,tepper.freenode.net
drazin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oieuipgxuxzysfla,matt,wolfe.freenode.net
Rickster,2001:41d0:a:f789::1,Rick,sinisalo.freenode.net
destron23,2001:1af8:4700:b0d0:ca00::,Destron,adams.freenode.net
joristhedragon,84.245.49.142,joristhedragon,rajaniemi.freenode.net
daktak,220-245-14-175.static.tpgi.com.au,Quassel IRC User,asimov.freenode.net
for5aken,mail.atozed.com,for5aken,weber.freenode.net
SNAILBot,li334-246.members.linode.com,irc log bot, http://www.jackgrigg.com/projects/sna,rajaniemi.freenode.net
for5aken_,144.202.228.211,for5aken,roddenberry.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
uwe_,ipservice-092-217-109-029.092.217.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Uwe Hermann,card.freenode.net
uwe_mobile,static.173.76.9.176.clients.your-server.de,uwe,weber.freenode.net
soloojos,gateway/tor-sasl/soloojos,realname,zelazny.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ShadowNinja,unaffiliated/shadowninja,Owen,karatkievich.freenode.net
exio4,unaffiliated/hacker,exio4,adams.freenode.net
Nemaster2,S0106c8fb26553cee.mh.shawcable.net,Nemaster,wilhelm.freenode.net
Valfor,unaffiliated/mrpps,Valfor,verne.freenode.net
Rashiel,gateway/web/freenode/ip.178.37.213.81,178-37-213-81.adsl.inetia.pl/178.37.213.81,herbert.freenode.net
Dalton,unaffiliated/dalton,Dalton,hitchcock.freenode.net
NucWin,unaffiliated/nucwin,NucWin,sinisalo.freenode.net
phlogist1,phlogisto.com,Predrag Mandic,adams.freenode.net
mlrd,tilda.center,mlrd,verne.freenode.net
tloken,tilda.center,tloken,card.freenode.net
marexony,178-221-245-65.dynamic.isp.telekom.rs,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
geewid,unaffiliated/geewid,Ognjen Vidovic,kornbluth.freenode.net
pwnd,lugozr.org,pwnd,wilhelm.freenode.net
wex,tilda.center,wex,leguin.freenode.net
crawleyprint,tilda.center,crawleyprint,asimov.freenode.net
Atlantic778,pb-d-128-141-207-29.cern.ch,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
olujicz,unaffiliated/olujicz,Zoran Olujic,niven.freenode.net
gori,136-247-045-062.dynamic.caiway.nl,gori,barjavel.freenode.net
krle,tilda.center,krle,niven.freenode.net
spiperac,139.59.145.12,spiperac,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
meka,unaffiliated/meka,meka,weber.freenode.net
muskrat,trivialand/player/muskrat,Tam Rusk,adams.freenode.net
oldlaptop,162.247.150.37,oldlaptop,niven.freenode.net
hunter2,donger/dongest/outside,outside,asimov.freenode.net
Deviance,lol.are.you.verymad.net,Deviance,wilhelm.freenode.net
usr,unaffiliated/usr,usr,adams.freenode.net
gol,unaffiliated/kerozene/bot/gol,report bot issues in ##gol,wolfe.freenode.net
Minotaur,unaffiliated/xetalim,Realname,barjavel.freenode.net
junkaholic,gateway/tor-sasl/junka,Junk Food,zelazny.freenode.net
kerozene,unaffiliated/kerozene,kerozene,card.freenode.net
BenderRodriguez,unaffiliated/foxhoundz,Foxhoundz,asimov.freenode.net
MartyMcBot,unaffiliated/brrr/bot/martymcbot,brrr's Bot,adams.freenode.net
Steinsplitter,wikimedia/Steinsplitter,Steinsplitter,adams.freenode.net
Revi|CVN,wikimedia/-revi,CVN account for Revi,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
AlexZ,wikimedia/Az1568,Alex Z,barjavel.freenode.net
L235,wikipedia/fsf.member.Lixxx235,Kevin ([[en:User:L235]]),wilhelm.freenode.net
Barras2,wikimedia/barras,Paul,wolfe.freenode.net
Barras,wikimedia/barras,Paul,kornbluth.freenode.net
Shibe,botters/ShibaInu,shibainu the programming doge,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
PlasmaStar,unaffiliated/plasmastar,Jamie,hitchcock.freenode.net
[mbot,freeshell.de,Amelie,adams.freenode.net
leuhmanu,unaffiliated/leuhmanu,Manuel H.,karatkievich.freenode.net
Sophie,sophie-bot.latmos.ipsl.fr,Rpm2sql,tepper.freenode.net
NetAlien,h13.228.55.139.dynamic.ip.windstream.net,KVIrc 4.2.0 Equilibrium http://kvirc.net/,sinisalo.freenode.net
sander85,64.210.50.195.sta.estpak.ee,Sander Lepik,rajaniemi.freenode.net
marja9,parkroyal.webconquest.com,Marja van Waes,orwell.freenode.net
Inigo_Montoya,2001:4b98:dc0:51:216:3eff:fe6b:4ea9,Supybot 0.83.4.1,wilhelm.freenode.net
Akien,godotengine/akien,Akien,barjavel.freenode.net
stef74,69.243.134.77.rev.sfr.net,stef74,hitchcock.freenode.net
MrsB,cpc15-dudl11-2-0-cust752.16-1.cable.virginm.net,Claire,hitchcock.freenode.net
stormi,62-210-72-133.rev.poneytelecom.eu,stormi,hitchcock.freenode.net
maat,unaffiliated/maat,Maât,karatkievich.freenode.net
Remmy,2001:981:f8da:1:50fc:6b5d:12c8:8f79,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
marja,a83-160-66-163.adsl.xs4all.nl,Marja van Waes,asimov.freenode.net
Luigi12,96-86-0-57-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,David Walser,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Cory,unaffiliated/cory,...,sinisalo.freenode.net
gribble,unaffiliated/nanotube/bot/gribble,Supybot 0.83.4.1+gribble (2014-12-21T23:25:09-0500,asimov.freenode.net
Keefe,unaffiliated/keefe,Keefe,card.freenode.net
nanotube,unaffiliated/nanotube,nanotube,asimov.freenode.net
Anduck,unaffiliated/anduck,anduck,barjavel.freenode.net
rpburkholder,199.68.195.102,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
rburkholder,199.68.193.54,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
raggi,lin.ra66i.org,James Tucker,verne.freenode.net
rideh,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe93:4dd8,rideh,karatkievich.freenode.net
tdy,unaffiliated/tdy,tdy,niven.freenode.net
sindork,unaffiliated/sindork,Yo,verne.freenode.net
tuelz,104.236.34.159,tuelz,hitchcock.freenode.net
nebg,ehito.ovh,#eHito ZNC,wolfe.freenode.net
wlanboy,unaffiliated/wlanboy,wlanboy,asimov.freenode.net
sonOfRa,btbn.de,Simon,adams.freenode.net
skweek,68-200-146-225.res.bhn.net,realname,card.freenode.net
iamayam,192.3.160.145,yamiam,barjavel.freenode.net
aarwine,cpe-76-91-197-142.socal.res.rr.com,aarwine,weber.freenode.net
ljarvis,139.59.176.193,Lee,niven.freenode.net
sniff,ec2-52-26-24-145.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,sniff,barjavel.freenode.net
cydrobolt,fedora/cydrobolt,Chaoyi Zha,wilhelm.freenode.net
SuperLag,unaffiliated/superlag,Aaron Kulbe,wilhelm.freenode.net
raz,unaffiliated/raz,raz,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bauruine_,213.239.205.247,bauruine,wolfe.freenode.net
gener1c,unaffiliated/gener1c,Unknown,niven.freenode.net
jonadab,cpe-75-185-35-110.columbus.res.rr.com,Nathan Eady,karatkievich.freenode.net
hfp_work,mtrlpq0736w-lp130-03-70-52-83-177.dsl.bell.ca,blip,orwell.freenode.net
Trynemjoel,190.89-20-227.enivest.net,Eivind,wilhelm.freenode.net
nahra,unaffiliated/nahra,unknown,verne.freenode.net
m1dnight1,83.ip-164-132-199.eu,Christophe De Troyer,barjavel.freenode.net
sonne,unaffiliated/sonne,Alessandro Grassi,adams.freenode.net
rbr,5419601d.cm-5-2b.dynamic.ziggo.nl,...,roddenberry.freenode.net
ereslibre,kde/ereslibre,Rafael Fern�ndez L�pez,tepper.freenode.net
G,unaffiliated/g,Nigel Jones,adams.freenode.net
jpinnix_______,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oiqcfishnpzuuvye,Jeremy Pinnix,adams.freenode.net
baweaver,ruby/staff/baweaver,Brandon Weaver,tepper.freenode.net
drPoggs,belsize.lnlon.poggs.net,Peter Hicks,adams.freenode.net
tylersmi-,2604:3400:dc1:45:216:3eff:fe10:10e0,tyler,niven.freenode.net
Jello_Raptor,li641-12.members.linode.com,Jello_Raptor,hitchcock.freenode.net
hinbody,c-50-141-152-213.hsd1.in.comcast.net,Harley Inbody,sinisalo.freenode.net
cardoni,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lreihkgcubymznmz,Greg Cardoni,hitchcock.freenode.net
ReinH_,107.170.228.237,reinh,barjavel.freenode.net
rcs,64.62.231.122,freenode,wolfe.freenode.net
_br__,static.88-198-25-34.clients.your-server.de,root,barjavel.freenode.net
xMopxShell,192.95.23.134,xMopxShell,asimov.freenode.net
kaspergrubbe,88.80.188.142,kasper,orwell.freenode.net
zero7,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nwxnzmzhizxeeyke,M.Tarek Abdellatif,wilhelm.freenode.net
yo61,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ruqcscsymbjjlrum,Robin Bowes,adams.freenode.net
zack6849,unaffiliated/zack6849,zack6849,adams.freenode.net
quoboo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lqovzusuxitqnfbq,wbond,wolfe.freenode.net
mitsuhiko,ubuntu/member/mitsuhiko,Armin Ronacher,wolfe.freenode.net
_joes__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wvadbfwinhgpmhos,Joe Santoro,leguin.freenode.net
Klumben,elmo.stole-your.pw,you,wilhelm.freenode.net
csaunders,li448-193.members.linode.com,csaunders,rajaniemi.freenode.net
the-eat-scout,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-soddasfipusivqfz,Danny,karatkievich.freenode.net
D9,104.236.71.143,Paul",karatkievich.freenode.net
mrsolo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tcaoopeoaezgzlux,mrsolo,adams.freenode.net
Takumo,unaffiliated/takumokatekari,Leo A,weber.freenode.net
contradictioned,2a01:4f8:c17:263d::30,Manuel Hoffmann,niven.freenode.net
rrichardsr3,pdpc/supporter/professional/rrichardsr3,Ryan Richards,niven.freenode.net
xpt,91.224.39.78,xpt,hitchcock.freenode.net
Meeh,193.150.121.77,Mikal Villa,wilhelm.freenode.net
lele,2a01:2d8:42:42:4c82:3337:ed74:b2fa,Lele Forzani,adams.freenode.net
xsdg,sipb-vm-99.mit.edu,xsdg,wolfe.freenode.net
\13k,pdpc/supporter/base/-13k,Do androids dream of electric sheep?,verne.freenode.net
joevandyk,ec2-54-235-235-220.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Ubuntu,asimov.freenode.net
LBRapid,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe70:94a1,John Dyer,wolfe.freenode.net
dmarr,li588-214.members.linode.com,David Marr,hitchcock.freenode.net
papercod1,li280-252.members.linode.com,papercode,karatkievich.freenode.net
JStoker,unaffiliated/jstoker,JStoker,niven.freenode.net
kspencer,unaffiliated/kspencer,Iota,adams.freenode.net
nicoulaj,2a01:cb15:8281:8a00:d349:122f:d366:b85b,Julien Nicoulaud,adams.freenode.net
jcao219,68.175.142.124,ByrdIRC,hitchcock.freenode.net
Tempesta,unaffiliated/tempesta,ChoiKyuSang,leguin.freenode.net
j416,unaffiliated/j416,Got ZNC?,tepper.freenode.net
tk__,i60-34-186-223.s41.a022.ap.plala.or.jp,tk,tepper.freenode.net
chg,katusze.pl,yourname,barjavel.freenode.net
Keltia,aran.keltia.net,Ollivier Robert,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dasher00,37-252-190-165.rev.ipax.at,dash_,hitchcock.freenode.net
Fridtjof,reporting.live.from.stary2001.co.uk,Fridtjof,niven.freenode.net
|RicharD|,5.170.125.254,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
tristanp_,104.232.112.2,tristan,adams.freenode.net
lxsameer,unaffiliated/lxsameer,lxsameer,orwell.freenode.net
[reed],firefox/reed,reed,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Nanuq,tecciztecatl.teotlalli.ecks.ca,Ursus Citrus,karatkievich.freenode.net
inukshuk,ip077244247233.rev.nessus.at,C. Auguste Dupin,card.freenode.net
x0f,unaffiliated/x0f,x0f,wilhelm.freenode.net
meinside,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-axuwrtflptkhwizu,Sungjin Han,niven.freenode.net
tycoon177,learnprogramming/kohai/tycoon177,Ben,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ezio,unaffiliated/ezio,ezio,wolfe.freenode.net
IceDragon,188.226.156.212,ThatGuy,wolfe.freenode.net
swills,freebsd/developer/swills,realname,card.freenode.net
elomatreb,loaderror.de,elomatreb,niven.freenode.net
digitalfiz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dlncpebevsgjeexg,digitalfiz.com,wilhelm.freenode.net
shtirlic,ec2-52-28-185-189.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Serg Podtynnyi,barjavel.freenode.net
p0p0pr37,unaffiliated/p0p0pr37,sunrinst,weber.freenode.net
Rasi,archlinux/support/rasi,Rasmus Steinke,niven.freenode.net
rfv,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fyruoqmvwhrudjnx,rfv,wolfe.freenode.net
aef,schweinehegel.raxys.net,unset,barjavel.freenode.net
heyimwill,gateway/shell/firrre/x-rvblinccsyavtqyf,heyimwill,adams.freenode.net
aep,libqxt/developer/aep,Arvid EPhraim Picciani,card.freenode.net
iMadper,106.37.87.243,iMadper,hitchcock.freenode.net
vlingesh,gateway/web/freenode/ip.196.15.23.18,idc-blr-proxy-mwg15-o.oracle.com/196.15.23.18,herbert.freenode.net
valkyr2e,unaffiliated/hydralisk,valkyrie,karatkievich.freenode.net
VladGh,ip72-211-94-127.no.no.cox.net,Vlad,adams.freenode.net
Guest30798,198.7.57.176,linc01n,wilhelm.freenode.net
rgs,ec2-54-183-71-223.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Raul Gutierrez Segales,adams.freenode.net
jesk,ec2-52-58-212-130.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Christian M.,karatkievich.freenode.net
Bish,b2b-78-94-21-226.unitymedia.biz,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
saltsa,dsl-hkibrasgw1-58c018-65.dhcp.inet.fi,Joonas Aunola,barjavel.freenode.net
kapowaz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mgqkvfmrpkgedzyf,Ben Darlow,adams.freenode.net
alem0lars,0xcc.alem0lars.me,Alessandro Molari,wilhelm.freenode.net
hayden__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zfdvjgljgwlvvmuk,Hayden Faulds,wilhelm.freenode.net
catbusters,gateway/shell/firrre/x-psnykfelvlgoscmv,catbusters,leguin.freenode.net
colstrom,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cegrkahfyqvhyric,Chris Olstrom,sinisalo.freenode.net
kyle__,schmitt.ninja,kyle,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tsunamie,ec2-54-218-82-59.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,J,barjavel.freenode.net
croberts,nat/redhat/x-pgxemmjaqnbhnimi,crobe,card.freenode.net
JiYu,frontend.itbert.de,JiYU,niven.freenode.net
thoolihan,cpe-173-88-149-118.neo.res.rr.com,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
SJr,S0106c43dc7a31386.vf.shawcable.net,Steve,niven.freenode.net
sent-hil,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rjcotckmmaezpuru,sent-hil,adams.freenode.net
bluOxigen,unaffiliated/bluOxigen,a,sinisalo.freenode.net
dagelf,ns8.wish.org.za,Coenraad Loubser,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Satyajit,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-buzvwryencafaqyw,ZNC - http://znc.in,wolfe.freenode.net
deepak_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tqeeymbufnyiygke,Deepak Kannan,wilhelm.freenode.net
larissa,2604:a880:800:10::53e:8001,Larissa Reis,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ccooke,spirit.gkhs.net,ccooke,barjavel.freenode.net
Kero,c60251.upc-c.chello.nl,Kero,wolfe.freenode.net
Diabolik,2a00:d880:3:1::6be5:5bc8,Diabolik,wilhelm.freenode.net
aurelien,fsf/member/aurelien,aurelien,wilhelm.freenode.net
setient,li471-86.members.linode.com,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
AustinMatherne,li1047-129.members.linode.com,Austin M. Matherne,card.freenode.net
ujjain,unaffiliated/ujjain,ujjain,niven.freenode.net
Koshian____,lakshmi.foxking.org,Sugano Yoshihisa,weber.freenode.net
StoneCypher,66-194-1-26.STATIC.twtelecom.net,John Haugeland,orwell.freenode.net
howdoi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-imxeebhacldqcypz,howdoi,wilhelm.freenode.net
Karunamon,isengard.tkware.us,Nya?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sarlalian,static-50-53-53-19.bvtn.or.frontiernet.net,Sarlalian,orwell.freenode.net
charles81,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mpzdaalyxqaomfhw,Charles Wilkinson,wolfe.freenode.net
pizzaops,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ujtmxxtqbtdadtxb,Zee Alexander,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pfg,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vpghcemuzzfhbiol,pfg,wilhelm.freenode.net
quiller,23.253.215.146,Alan Quillin,wolfe.freenode.net
lipoqil,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ultbchncgwvmjoal,Mailo Světel,wilhelm.freenode.net
irick,psychological.predisposition.net,mouse,karatkievich.freenode.net
joneshf-laptop,c-73-220-86-28.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Hardy Jones,niven.freenode.net
giraffe,gateway/shell/firrre/x-priqdhkweggqsqus,skarn,asimov.freenode.net
ropeney,CPE-58-170-185-81.lns3.win.bigpond.net.au,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
kenichi,nakamura.io,kenichi,barjavel.freenode.net
marens,unaffiliated/marens,Marc Arens,card.freenode.net
krasnus,gateway/shell/firrre/x-nuekwqhedtwwnbta,kras,adams.freenode.net
dhollinger,136.61.190.10,David Hollinger III,wolfe.freenode.net
Suntzu,show-me.your-tits.on.m-irc.com,Suntzu,karatkievich.freenode.net
cjk101010,2a00:1828:2000:774::5,Christian Kruse,sinisalo.freenode.net
tessi_zz,gateway/shell/uberspace.de/x-stduzgqvriwbneaz,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
ken_barber,puppetlabs/eng/ken-barber,Ken Barber,sinisalo.freenode.net
peteretep,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qsxjeyucpjqovcjm,peteretep,weber.freenode.net
Alina-malina,unaffiliated/alina-malina,Alinka,verne.freenode.net
phantummm,104.131.123.44,phantummm,niven.freenode.net
JoshL,159.203.74.11,Josh L,niven.freenode.net
genpaku,107.191.100.185,genpaku,asimov.freenode.net
marsjaninzmarsa,elen.niewiarowski.it,Kuba Niewiarowski,asimov.freenode.net
blackbombay,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/jazzonmym1nd,jazzonmymind,wilhelm.freenode.net
fnux,kyrkja.fnux.ch,Fnux,niven.freenode.net
troter__________,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bmnyrphvmdapciei,Takumi IINO,adams.freenode.net
JoshS,172.56.17.181,joshua,wolfe.freenode.net
Qommand0r,unaffiliated/schaap137,HENKiE,niven.freenode.net
lianj,subtle/user/lianj,lianj,asimov.freenode.net
Mekkis,nl.ti4200.info,emaN laeR,barjavel.freenode.net
cstrahan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gesjtcksgkzzoqvl,Charles Strahan,wolfe.freenode.net
axsuul,104-3-23-193.lightspeed.irvnca.sbcglobal.net,axsuul,verne.freenode.net
[diecast],gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cckubxpvrmbjsoda,diecast,wilhelm.freenode.net
ignarps,pdpc/supporter/active/ignarps,Iggy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Helheim,static-ip-69-64-50-156.inaddr.ip-pool.com,Galder,sinisalo.freenode.net
Xiti,unaffiliated/xiti,Xiti,tepper.freenode.net
incomprehensibly,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ahlykaylvqvukykh,Micah Johnston,adams.freenode.net
rory,vega.rory.sh,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
johnzorn,108.175.230.3,johnzorn,wolfe.freenode.net
c-c,hilla.kapsi.fi,Casimir Pro,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Rickmasta,pool-96-246-90-176.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,Rick,card.freenode.net
kbdkode,unaffiliated/kbdkode,kbdkode,leguin.freenode.net
Hates_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fkpeyjxhfavqumqc,RH,adams.freenode.net
existensil,ip72-196-8-201.om.om.cox.net,carl,niven.freenode.net
WebDawg,officialg0d.com,webdawg,orwell.freenode.net
amitchellbullard,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uvtiwakuczcofpkm,A. Mitchell Bullard,karatkievich.freenode.net
bcavileer,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wdijavxjmrkxngtv,bcavileer,wolfe.freenode.net
headius,ec2-54-242-61-125.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Charles Oliver Nutter,wilhelm.freenode.net
devster31,2001:41d0:1:a3af::1,devsterknight,wolfe.freenode.net
ggherdov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vbwaayesufqmtyef,Giovanni Gherdovich,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bokayio,159.203.46.1,bokay,orwell.freenode.net
fold4,rp.eliteskills.com,Jimmy,card.freenode.net
olivierjanss,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nviccwkptiscezex,Olivier Janssens,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ionte,c-31-209-59-170.cust.bredband2.com,Jonatan Magnusson,adams.freenode.net
tekacs,tekacs.com,Amar Sood,hitchcock.freenode.net
GGMethos,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fea8:426e,methos,niven.freenode.net
dminuoso,unaffiliated/dminuoso,Yes.,niven.freenode.net
cloaked1,unaffiliated/cloaked,jimconn,orwell.freenode.net
iooner,2001:41d0:a:5b1d::1:20,iooner,wilhelm.freenode.net
vcoinminer,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pcqrwxqnpdodwrcu,vcoinminer,wilhelm.freenode.net
dukedave,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ardvakcsputpkwvz,Dave Tapley,wolfe.freenode.net
hanmac,p2003005F2C7BD74552465DFFFE0A9B89.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,purple,leguin.freenode.net
SirCmpwn,irc.sircmpwn.com,Drew DeVault,adams.freenode.net
tfitts,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cawholhkknhbjevf,Tyler Fitts,rajaniemi.freenode.net
icedp,unaffiliated/icedp,_,barjavel.freenode.net
yokel,unaffiliated/contempt,yokel,wolfe.freenode.net
Azure,unaffiliated/azure,Mark,rajaniemi.freenode.net
handicraftsman,unaffiliated/handicraftsman,realname,verne.freenode.net
Roa,unixmexico/Roa,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
ckrailo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-syoydbaymesoyfyj,Krailo,sinisalo.freenode.net
pior,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jdslndvortsuehew,Pior Bastida,adams.freenode.net
jokke,jreinert.com,jokke,wilhelm.freenode.net
_ht,extramural.campinecomputing.eu,Huub de Beer,sinisalo.freenode.net
robnester,cpe-2606-A000-4104-2C00-CABC-C8FF-FEA3-2D87.dyn6.twc.com,Rob Nester,wolfe.freenode.net
bumao,2001:420:4517:1300:5d66:b9a2:793d:70b0,步懋资正,sinisalo.freenode.net
madsa,static-50-53-68-46.bvtn.or.frontiernet.net,mspaulding06,tepper.freenode.net
isomorphismes,ec2-54-243-213-161.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Ubuntu,weber.freenode.net
sarbs,2600:100f:b026:b85b:85ec:554d:ff0b:f8a1,Chris Sarbora,adams.freenode.net
c0mrad3,fedora/dhanvi,Tummala Dhanvi (c0mrad3),adams.freenode.net
nuclearsandwich,50-196-152-129-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,Steven! Ragnarok,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nchambers,freenode/spooky-exception/bartender/learnprogramming.nchambers,Nicholas Chambers,karatkievich.freenode.net
kireevco,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jneiddsxlcmqmycq,Dmitry Kireev,wilhelm.freenode.net
gigetoo,c83-250-44-242.bredband.comhem.se,gigetoo,leguin.freenode.net
AlexRussia,unaffiliated/alexrussia,Alex,wilhelm.freenode.net
canton7,about/csharp/regular/canton7,canton7,niven.freenode.net
DrCode,5.28.134.3,DrCode,barjavel.freenode.net
squarebracket,2604:a880:800:10::7ea:1001,Chuck,niven.freenode.net
tvsutton,macops.ca,Tim Sutton,verne.freenode.net
angseus_,angseus.ninja,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
voxxit,2604:a880:1:20::1e5:900f,Josh Delsman,roddenberry.freenode.net
pragmatism,107.170.247.33,pragmatism42,wolfe.freenode.net
friday,unaffiliated/fridayfriday,friday,orwell.freenode.net
kmhn,hypervisor.pro,kmhn,tepper.freenode.net
PlasmaStar,unaffiliated/plasmastar,Jamie,hitchcock.freenode.net
tercenya,mwynn.afpc.tamu.edu,tercenya,sinisalo.freenode.net
danzilio,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lmvavyzacxkedkjy,David Danzilio,wolfe.freenode.net
swartzcr_,swartzcr.the-nsa.org,Noah Swartz,asimov.freenode.net
hays,93.171.216.190,Steven Hay,adams.freenode.net
weaksauce,ip72-194-65-47.oc.oc.cox.net,now now,karatkievich.freenode.net
PaulCapestany,2604:5500:17:2ea:5c15:40e6:5986:2db4,Paul Capestany,wilhelm.freenode.net
yorickpeterse,unaffiliated/yorickpeterse,yorickpeterse,weber.freenode.net
maokomioko,80.86.77.32,Mike Eirih,sinisalo.freenode.net
moei,softbank221078042071.bbtec.net,moei,verne.freenode.net
Guest81131,ec2-54-88-5-20.compute-1.amazonaws.com,EC2 Default User,asimov.freenode.net
DarthGandalf,znc/developer/DarthGandalf,5Welstiel Massing,wolfe.freenode.net
varesa,ec2-52-49-18-111.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Esa Varemo,wolfe.freenode.net
vqrs,learnprogramming/regular/vqrs,vqrs,adams.freenode.net
cgfbee,oc1.itim-cj.ro,irc log bot, http://moritz.faui2k3.org/en/ilbot,card.freenode.net
camilasan,2a02:8109:a4bf:fe85:fc35:294:a3ef:6ea9,Camila Ayres,adams.freenode.net
Seich,2604:9a00:2010:a005:e::12c,Sergio Díaz,wolfe.freenode.net
byte512,h37n2-um-a32.ias.bredband.telia.com,user,karatkievich.freenode.net
jtdowney,unaffiliated/jtdowney,John,wolfe.freenode.net
Junaos,unaffiliated/junaos,Got ZNC?,asimov.freenode.net
znz_jp,49.212.131.170.v6.sakura.ne.jp,ns6,wolfe.freenode.net
darix,irssi/staff/darix,A freak like me just needs infinity.,kornbluth.freenode.net
beawesomeinstead,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ukpttlggqwvdnesh,beawesomeinstead,hitchcock.freenode.net
linduxed,155.4.60.131,linduxed,leguin.freenode.net
pabs,pool-108-51-80-123.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Paul Duncan,card.freenode.net
jimeh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dqanhkpfgqghpexw,jimeh,wolfe.freenode.net
JackMc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qcgbvzlypuwxwhvq,Jack McCracken,wilhelm.freenode.net
ruurd,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-pcxdkuldgqzpjwyf,LayerBNC - At Your Fingertips!,tepper.freenode.net
psmolen,c-50-172-82-56.hsd1.il.comcast.net,-_-,barjavel.freenode.net
valeri_ufo,februality.xyz,...,barjavel.freenode.net
millerti,cpe-66-24-91-119.stny.res.rr.com,Timothy Miller,card.freenode.net
galeido,unaffiliated/galeido,Pekka Leppänen,barjavel.freenode.net
Asher,c-73-106-33-32.hsd1.ga.comcast.net,Adium User,asimov.freenode.net
A124,unaffiliated/a124,Realname,verne.freenode.net
AndyWojo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ongealbblahdgfsk,Andy Wojnarek,wilhelm.freenode.net
nebben,cpe-71-66-245-72.columbus.res.rr.com,Quassel IRC User,leguin.freenode.net
Puffball,cm-dhcp-173-46-250-185.bloombroadband.com,Jason Hicks,orwell.freenode.net
Liothen,pdpc/supporter/professional/liothen,liothen,orwell.freenode.net
jabreity,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dcbcyzlazngxnhjv,jabreity,adams.freenode.net
alexherbo2,80.111.63.87,alex,rajaniemi.freenode.net
aeze,45.55.48.102,Got ZNC?,verne.freenode.net
foxxx0,unaffiliated/foxxx0,fox,wolfe.freenode.net
Immune,47.145.46.247,realname,weber.freenode.net
tobiasvl,nostromo.uio.no,Tobias V. Langhoff,adams.freenode.net
quarcu_,5.101.107.90,sup yo!,niven.freenode.net
rtl,ec2-54-237-134-118.compute-1.amazonaws.com,rtl,orwell.freenode.net
mradmacher,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe56:bfe4,miguel,sinisalo.freenode.net
SHyx0rmZ,yoshiko.witches.io,Patrick Pokatilo,orwell.freenode.net
joaomdmoura__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pqyqhdvpqvkarwen,João M. D. Moura,wilhelm.freenode.net
claw,triple6.org,,,,,tepper.freenode.net
jcp__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yssdervostskwzzu,alex,leguin.freenode.net
fiddlerwoaroof,unaffiliated/fiddlerwoaroof,Anonymous,verne.freenode.net
hplar,unable-to-package.org,Ralph Amissah,adams.freenode.net
suck,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uqimnxrnqyclozmx,worz,sinisalo.freenode.net
Lord_of_Life,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-fjncxyxeskzugpwv,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,sinisalo.freenode.net
perry,unaffiliated/perry753,Perry Huang,card.freenode.net
zapata,2a02:b18:581:10:294b:e700:d8a8:2c46,zapata,adams.freenode.net
unsymbol,unaffiliated/unsymbol,unsymbol,niven.freenode.net
ghormoon,ghorland.net,Jiri 'Ghormoon' Novak,wilhelm.freenode.net
DefV_,mekker.mekker.be,Jan De Poorter,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jhass,ruby/staff/jhass,Jonne Haß,weber.freenode.net
russt,li1200-137.members.linode.com,Russ Taylor,weber.freenode.net
Fetch,gimel.cepheid.org,Warren,barjavel.freenode.net
avelldiroll,unaffiliated/avelldiroll,plantigrade,verne.freenode.net
Jameser,60.24.146.210,Textual User,verne.freenode.net
livcd,unaffiliated/livcd,livcd,barjavel.freenode.net
fumk,nonsocial.net,The Gwong Jan Lin of underground emceein',card.freenode.net
bkutil,hub.kutilovi.cz,Balazs Kutil,leguin.freenode.net
madhatter,unaffiliated/madhatter,Arvid Warnecke,verne.freenode.net
TheMainFrame,45.55.195.90,TheMainFrame,card.freenode.net
chris2,vuxu.org,Christian Neukirchen,niven.freenode.net
sethetter,192.241.221.238,Seth Etter,barjavel.freenode.net
frozengeek___,178-117-144-51.access.telenet.be,Simon Peeters,orwell.freenode.net
knowtheory,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wjjswcrllvmjmyym,Ted Han,wolfe.freenode.net
[spoiler],diversentity.com,Nino,tepper.freenode.net
bastilian,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pkdtclhoxiwzdbgf,Sebastian Gräßl,adams.freenode.net
eljimbo,192-0-134-248.cpe.teksavvy.com,jimmy,barjavel.freenode.net
JesseH,oftn/oswg-member/JesseH,Jesse Horne,asimov.freenode.net
rwb,65-183-151-239-dhcp.burlingtontelecom.net,rwb,sinisalo.freenode.net
rippa,ppp-vpdn-37.1.85.157.yarnet.ru,rippa,wolfe.freenode.net
kies,unaffiliated/kies,kies,weber.freenode.net
adam12,atlanta.reconapp.com,adam,asimov.freenode.net
MrBloo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xzzgpmccekkmdnpw,Bloo,sinisalo.freenode.net
trampi,trampusch.info,Shout User,adams.freenode.net
jmhmccr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uywqcvipfuuzucfc,bluehavana,adams.freenode.net
p1k,ec2-52-67-53-196.sa-east-1.compute.amazonaws.com,pik,wolfe.freenode.net
jzigmund,nat/redhat/x-kpqgajsmercngprw,Jozef Zigmund,sinisalo.freenode.net
Tharbakim,S0106b8a38656fe2c.vf.shawcable.net,Tharbakim,verne.freenode.net
Prira_,195-154-251-94.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Prira,verne.freenode.net
Luna_Moonfang,trivialand/student/luna-moonfang,Luna,asimov.freenode.net
naprimer,93.84.66.103,daffy_duck,hitchcock.freenode.net
Morrolan,znc.morrolan.ch,Michael Senn,card.freenode.net
aarongodin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmzlllipftxdzcoq,Aaron,wolfe.freenode.net
eregon,2001:41d0:401:3000::29e4,Benoit Daloze,wilhelm.freenode.net
Lucky_ABA,ip184-189-229-238.sb.sd.cox.net,Lucky,wolfe.freenode.net
shortdudey123,chunk01.ridderg.com,Grant,asimov.freenode.net
ytti,ytti.fi,Saku Ytti,weber.freenode.net
colegatron,60.red-83-32-148.dynamicip.rima-tde.net,realname,niven.freenode.net
bjmllr,2001:4802:7800:1:8f98:cff6:ff20:792,bmiller,karatkievich.freenode.net
miah,ruby/staff/miah,miah,asimov.freenode.net
whiteline,unaffiliated/whiteline,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
utkarsh_,192.241.184.124,Utkarsh Kukreti,weber.freenode.net
awk,alpha.security.web.za,awk@security.web.za,adams.freenode.net
uranellus,unaffiliated/uranellus,alexander,wolfe.freenode.net
Miron,unaffiliated/supermiron,potato,sinisalo.freenode.net
ReK2,fsf/member/rek2gnulinux,binaryfreedom,weber.freenode.net
mahlon,martini.nu,and it occurred to me, as he drove away; d = r * t,niven.freenode.net
HashNuke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-loqbputpuvzifevi,Akash,wilhelm.freenode.net
Axy,unaffiliated/mia,0,card.freenode.net
lmc,dust.soleus.nu,Luis Motta Campos,rajaniemi.freenode.net
boxrick1,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qpxbbxndbdgjjvlz,boxrick1,orwell.freenode.net
Heero,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cngktnfpqalnpyhp,Heero,wilhelm.freenode.net
Fernando-Basso,177.82.175.5,Fernando Basso,verne.freenode.net
funnel,unaffiliated/espiral,funnel,hitchcock.freenode.net
_sfiguser,93-35-253-193.ip57.fastwebnet.it,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
z3uS,plzhalp.us,/dev/null,weber.freenode.net
pagios,snake.v4.nv.panicbnc.us,pagios,barjavel.freenode.net
_derpy,62.210.208.67,Derpy Hooves (Adaedra's bot),barjavel.freenode.net
redondos,unaffiliated/redondos,redondos,wolfe.freenode.net
tystr,do1.tylerstroud.com,Tyler Stroud,karatkievich.freenode.net
bier,helixnetworks.de,bier,niven.freenode.net
tabakhase,unaffiliated/tabakhase,Christian Tabakhase Hackmann,karatkievich.freenode.net
m4rCsi,helo.marcsi.ch,m4rCsi,orwell.freenode.net
firstdayonthejob,cpc99346-croy26-2-0-cust153.19-2.cable.virginm.net,firstdayonthejob,barjavel.freenode.net
Guest2753,170.47.255.123.static.snap.net.nz,Alex Buckets,card.freenode.net
benhoi,188.165.10.199,Ben,barjavel.freenode.net
majuscule,disinclined.org,Dylan Lloyd,weber.freenode.net
Antiarc,ip24-56-47-2.ph.ph.cox.net,Chris,hitchcock.freenode.net
adambeynon,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sjoebqhxsymerdwf,Adam Beynon,wolfe.freenode.net
hfp,mtrlpq0736w-lp130-03-70-52-83-177.dsl.bell.ca,blip,hitchcock.freenode.net
muelleme,ipservice-092-216-119-024.092.216.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Mike Müller,card.freenode.net
fbt,fleshless.org,Jack L. Frost,wolfe.freenode.net
CustosLimen,unaffiliated/cust0slim3n,CustosLimen,tepper.freenode.net
yuki_is_bored,139.193.99.56,Kaisar Arkhan,wilhelm.freenode.net
jwheare,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ebjglxzmwixdgcmj,James Wheare,adams.freenode.net
jose__,gateway/web/freenode/ip.97.82.54.94,97-82-54-94.dhcp.mtgm.al.charter.com/97.82.54.94,herbert.freenode.net
nekomune,comfy.moe,Compile. Conform. Perform.,asimov.freenode.net
arooni,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe3b:e418,ZNC Arooni,rajaniemi.freenode.net
minimalism,unaffiliated/minimalism,none,verne.freenode.net
zzak,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cigjobaexkhqilgw,zzak,card.freenode.net
duper,ca4.blackcatz.org,-%-*Unknown*-%-,weber.freenode.net
Yonk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kjkubgcyhiuszism,Yonk,karatkievich.freenode.net
mr_rich102,104.207.140.138,mr_rich101,orwell.freenode.net
rhinosic,104.236.93.224,rhinosic,weber.freenode.net
yosafbridge,68.ip-149-56-14.net,yosafbridge,orwell.freenode.net
havenwood,ruby/staff/havenwood,Shannon,barjavel.freenode.net
cats,unaffiliated/cats,cats,rajaniemi.freenode.net
EvilJStoker,unaffiliated/jstoker,EvilJStoker (Contact JStoker if I don't respond.),niven.freenode.net
yonatankoren_,ec2-52-32-209-141.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
Illianthe,2607:fea8:1d9f:fefc:a102:a533:3ecc:dfe7,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
icey,canonical/icey,Chris MacNaughton,wolfe.freenode.net
zacts,dragora/developer/zacts,Zak Storer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Canucktux,vps.azend.org,N K,niven.freenode.net
AdamMeghji__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nkklinrbbqvuifji,Adam Meghji,adams.freenode.net
atom3_,blacklight.fi,atom3,card.freenode.net
nug,162.243.252.225,Chuck,orwell.freenode.net
Sthebig,unaffiliated/sthebig,sthebig,card.freenode.net
majoh,antiklimax.se,Sponge_Bob,rajaniemi.freenode.net
brainslug,railsbox.io,Andrei,weber.freenode.net
spiette,216.98.60.148,realname,leguin.freenode.net
cloud,lykos/rt,While you're dying I'll be still alive~,adams.freenode.net
bove,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dkppegfxowcvsmwv,Bengt Ove Sannes,adams.freenode.net
ICantCook,61.68.50.62,rn,weber.freenode.net
ELLIOTTCABLE,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qkatvegbxzvtudpe,Elliott Cable,sinisalo.freenode.net
adgtl,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-obtobnokxybsapgo,Anil,wilhelm.freenode.net
lancetw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qxzlcqitfeigbdsb,Hsin-lin Cheng,wolfe.freenode.net
vondruch,ip-94-112-143-123.net.upcbroadband.cz,Vít Ondruch,asimov.freenode.net
hostess,pdpc/supporter/active/hostess,hostess,orwell.freenode.net
DenSchub,2a02:2260:2:1f40:2:4:0:1,Dennis Schubert,wilhelm.freenode.net
duracrisis,104.236.49.55,Fernand,weber.freenode.net
_whitelogger,uruz.whitequark.org,whitequark's logger bot,wolfe.freenode.net
bihi,ns3281253.ip-5-39-95.eu,BiHi,hitchcock.freenode.net
tekk,87.117.246.195,me,tepper.freenode.net
mburns,rialto.mirwin.net,mburns,asimov.freenode.net
wsmoak,apache/committer/wsmoak,Wendy Smoak,wilhelm.freenode.net
vedu,gateway/shell/kde/x-mhtyyybmcbrotkuu,Vedant Agarwala,adams.freenode.net
nirix,fsf/member/nirix,dedpul,niven.freenode.net
g3funk,192.34.61.224,braden,asimov.freenode.net
elementaru,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-boiwjoslqnzdztry,Using EliteBNC, I'm part of the elite!,niven.freenode.net
nadir,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qdinekdaqfdctjcq,CYBORG 11. Buddy spike.,karatkievich.freenode.net
jokester,unaffiliated/jokester,mono,rajaniemi.freenode.net
silverdust,unaffiliated/bl4ckdu5t,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
sepp2k,x5ce091b6.dyn.telefonica.de,purple,weber.freenode.net
webguynow,c-73-22-239-213.hsd1.il.comcast.net,...,orwell.freenode.net
adaedra,ruby/staff/adaedra,Adædra,rajaniemi.freenode.net
raatiniemi,h-244-135.a159.priv.bahnhof.se,Tobias Raatiniemi,orwell.freenode.net
bhaak,84-74-155-133.dclient.hispeed.ch,Patric Mueller,orwell.freenode.net
dmnd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hzpleplrndxvaobl,Desmond Brand,adams.freenode.net
araujo,gentoo/developer/araujo,la,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Mrgoose,98.192.49.128,none@none.com,adams.freenode.net
ohcibi,2a01:4f8:171:e02::6,Oskar Falkenbaum,niven.freenode.net
twe4ked,outpost.spawncamp.net,Odin,niven.freenode.net
brixen,208.68.39.152,Brian Shirai,karatkievich.freenode.net
Rutix,april-fools/2013/runnerup/Rutix,Rutix,niven.freenode.net
Xeago,unaffiliated/xeago,Xeago,adams.freenode.net
davic,unaffiliated/davic,davic,adams.freenode.net
ltd,tyl.wires.net.au,Patrick Cole,orwell.freenode.net
alan_w_,75.78.103.8,alan_w,wolfe.freenode.net
heftig,archlinux/developer/heftig,Jan Steffens,adams.freenode.net
Rush,2a01:4f8:172:1413::2,Damian Kaczmarek,niven.freenode.net
CloCkWeRX,118.211.108.17,purple,leguin.freenode.net
scottalan,173.255.139.143,Scott,card.freenode.net
Cork,firefox/community/cork,Cork,rajaniemi.freenode.net
[ddmp],unaffiliated/dmp/x-546784,Dennis Møllegaard Pedersen,verne.freenode.net
YaknotiS,nap-public.u-strasbg.fr,YaknotiS,barjavel.freenode.net
ltp,forkbomb.cn,lukep,barjavel.freenode.net
chee,fsf/member/chee,chee,karatkievich.freenode.net
marahin,unaffiliated/marahin,http://marahin.pl/,weber.freenode.net
mim1k|work,86-42-248-204-dynamic.b-ras2.cld.dublin.eircom.net,David Benson,niven.freenode.net
LoneHermit,199.231.245.197,LoneHermit,verne.freenode.net
roychri,drupal.org/user/155209/view,Christian Roy <donot@spam.me>,karatkievich.freenode.net
volix,unaffiliated/volix,volix,niven.freenode.net
bougyman,pdpc/supporter/gold/bougyman,Got ZNC?,asimov.freenode.net
serard,cim06-3-78-238-25-117.fbx.proxad.net,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
webnanners,unaffiliated/webnanners,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
techntoke__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sqjqrxwuefmepfaz,techntoke__,adams.freenode.net
ddv,unaffiliated/ddv,ddv,wolfe.freenode.net
svkurowski,46.101.164.222,Sascha Vincent Kurowski,adams.freenode.net
apeiros,ruby/staff/apeiros,apeiros,karatkievich.freenode.net
pleiosaur,li100-7.members.linode.com,Ben Striegel,karatkievich.freenode.net
mmasaki,153-149-24-82.compute.jp-e1.cloudn-service.com,Masaki Matsushita,wilhelm.freenode.net
P1ro,gentoo/user/p1ro,PP,card.freenode.net
mgorbach,pool-96-237-153-152.bstnma.ftas.verizon.net,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
yasu______,freyja.ansi.jp,HIRATA Yasuyuki <http://yasu.asuka.net/>,barjavel.freenode.net
Jackneill,unaffiliated/jackneill,Jackneill,leguin.freenode.net
zenguy_pc,162.245.216.41,zenguy,barjavel.freenode.net
ajaiswal,jaina.enableit.dk,Ashish Jaiswal,orwell.freenode.net
edwardly,unaffiliated/edwardly,Edward,wolfe.freenode.net
phaza,93.89.120.192.ip.vitnett.no,Peter,tepper.freenode.net
iNs,krowkirobia.mooo.com,ins,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zeroDivisible,188.166.92.187,Michal Stolarczyk,karatkievich.freenode.net
rann,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pczomyhtdjopqrwq,rubin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pelegreno___,107.170.175.57,cinch,niven.freenode.net
danst,188.244.33.186,Kurochka Ryaba,rajaniemi.freenode.net
go|dfish,nat/dcunetworkingsociety/x-vpcsputacmjmfggi,goldfish,leguin.freenode.net
tris,72.52.96.202,meat popsicle,niven.freenode.net
chrisarcand,104.131.89.162,Chris Arcand,karatkievich.freenode.net
bodie_,unaffiliated/bodie/x-6479885,Bodie Solomon,card.freenode.net
alan_w,c-73-19-140-147.hsd1.al.comcast.net,alan_w,adams.freenode.net
patteh,unaffiliated/patteh,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
mniip,freenode/staff/mniip,mniip,kornbluth.freenode.net
bigkevmcd,cpc83611-ruth10-2-0-cust205.14-1.cable.virginm.net,Kevin McDermott,niven.freenode.net
llua,zsh/developer/llua,llua,wolfe.freenode.net
ben__,2604:6000:1304:a05a:5cbf:aedd:9482:e3fe,ben,rajaniemi.freenode.net
spectra,debian/developer/spectra,spectra,asimov.freenode.net
yeltzooo,162.243.110.169,yeltz,verne.freenode.net
blackwind_123,117.192.141.192,The Chat Cool People Use,leguin.freenode.net
mc_fail,78.47.134.133,mc_fail,adams.freenode.net
michael_mbp,ec2-52-76-80-88.ap-southeast-1.compute.amazonaws.com,John Dorian,asimov.freenode.net
shiver,unaffiliated/shiver32,shiver,barjavel.freenode.net
veloutin,75.127.15.161,Vince Vinet,asimov.freenode.net
yardenbar,bzq-79-179-137-191.red.bezeqint.net,realname,orwell.freenode.net
chridal,unaffiliated/chridal,Chris,weber.freenode.net
staticfox,kvirc/developer/staticfox,hi,verne.freenode.net
ace05,cpc99038-walt22-2-0-cust695.13-2.cable.virginm.net,ace05,card.freenode.net
bweston92,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tvqhmxdtfgdwgaem,Bradley Weston,tepper.freenode.net
t-richards,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ylpeblywzvrcftwx,Tom Richards,wolfe.freenode.net
jasondotstar,107.170.79.104,Jay Clark,barjavel.freenode.net
Caius,about/apple/macbookpro/Caius,Caius Durling,niven.freenode.net
rlex,ns317403.ip-188-165-207.eu,Lex Rivera,adams.freenode.net
edorf,pdpc/supporter/active/frode15243,edorf,adams.freenode.net
devyn,oftn/oswg-board/devyn,Devyn Cairns,weber.freenode.net
jtd,pool-108-51-83-177.washdc.fios.verizon.net,JTD,wilhelm.freenode.net
nuck,oftn/oswg-member/Nuck,Peter Lejeck,hitchcock.freenode.net
TheMoonMaster,reddit/operator/themoonmaster,TMM,hitchcock.freenode.net
manveru,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dbxbjqlnsbqnvirm,Michael Fellinger,adams.freenode.net
jericon_,198.199.102.154,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
cb,alpha.kneipix.de,Christopher Bock,niven.freenode.net
claudiuinberlin,x4e31ff8f.dyn.telefonica.de,claudiuinberlin,orwell.freenode.net
exchgr,cpe-98-14-247-107.nyc.res.rr.com,Elle,hitchcock.freenode.net
kith,unaffiliated/kith,hypocrits!,orwell.freenode.net
railssmith,c-73-189-177-212.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,RubyCoder,hitchcock.freenode.net
d^sh,p5B37E83E.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Steffen,verne.freenode.net
malcolmva,184-23-28-207.dsl.dynamic.fusionbroadband.com,malcolmva,leguin.freenode.net
sysanthrope_,188.166.86.152,Sysanthrope,verne.freenode.net
fatbob,dtx.rpiz.com,bob,wolfe.freenode.net
jsaak,catv-176-63-136-253.catv.broadband.hu,jsaak,wolfe.freenode.net
neanderslob,c-50-168-247-73.hsd1.ut.comcast.net,sam,karatkievich.freenode.net
kent\n,gentoo/developer/kentnl,Kent Fredric,karatkievich.freenode.net
davidmichaelkarr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tezyzlnokywfggux,David M. Karr,adams.freenode.net
wnd,katei.fi,Tommi Saviranta,hitchcock.freenode.net
poikon,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-prokzqvlbemgilbf,Vince Martinez,niven.freenode.net
Zarthus,trivialand/guesser/zarthus,3.14% of sailors are Pirates.,asimov.freenode.net
reaVer,a83-162-252-233.adsl.xs4all.nl,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
maxmanders,znc.maxmanders.co.uk,Max Manders,karatkievich.freenode.net
AnoHito,c-24-7-226-184.hsd1.mn.comcast.net,AnoHito,wolfe.freenode.net
igniting,unaffiliated/igniting,Anshu Avinash,wolfe.freenode.net
daxroc,pdpc/supporter/bronze/daxroc,Damien Roche,wolfe.freenode.net
Todd,triangletodd.com,todd,karatkievich.freenode.net
Batholith,unaffiliated/ninjapenguin,Batholith,karatkievich.freenode.net
sentriz,unaffiliated/sentriz,Senan,barjavel.freenode.net
spicerack,unaffiliated/druiddesign,Textual User,card.freenode.net
joes,178.62.85.212,Joe Santoro,karatkievich.freenode.net
ruby[bot],ruby/bot/ruboto,Butler IRC Bot, Version 0.1.0,sinisalo.freenode.net
a1fa,unaffiliated/a1fa,a1fa,wilhelm.freenode.net
lupine,unaffiliated/lupine-85/x-7392152,Nick Thomas,wolfe.freenode.net
grug,45.62.228.154,grug,card.freenode.net
timmow,37.139.0.17,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
tubbo,ruby/staff/necromancer,Tom Scott,karatkievich.freenode.net
Pongles,i.am.not.a.bot.i.am.just.pongles.ca,Pongles Filibuster Esquire,verne.freenode.net
diegok,gama.freekeylabs.com,Diego Kuperman,weber.freenode.net
bocaneri,about/linux/staff/sauvin,realname,asimov.freenode.net
ghostlight,ec2-54-187-97-144.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,ghostlight,wolfe.freenode.net
parus,psaux.de,parus,asimov.freenode.net
helpa,ruby/bot/helpa,helpa,karatkievich.freenode.net
ule,unaffiliated/ule,ule,adams.freenode.net
Drakevr,unaffiliated/drakevr,~_~,wilhelm.freenode.net
ineb,i5DB52285.pool.tripleplugandplay.com,ineb,tepper.freenode.net
Sammichmaker,unaffiliated/sammichmaker,realname,adams.freenode.net
Mon_Ouie,subtle/user/MonOuie,Mon_Ouie,orwell.freenode.net
mostlybadfly,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nzzembrfnqahxfqu,Daniel,leguin.freenode.net
watersoul,172.245.255.61,Irc User,verne.freenode.net
al2o3-cr,unaffiliated/gr33n7007h,al2o3-cr,tepper.freenode.net
jmcc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fixozpwtkcnxylni,James McClelland,verne.freenode.net
jxf,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nbhqylgscivaycsz,John,wilhelm.freenode.net
crayfishx,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::7:400f,Craig Dunn,niven.freenode.net
doublemalt_,62-46-166-124.adsl.highway.telekom.at,realname,tepper.freenode.net
DarkBushido,metasploit/DarkBushido,Lance Sanchez,wolfe.freenode.net
ricer2,wc3.wechall.net,Ricer - The Ruby IRCbot,wilhelm.freenode.net
LambdaSix,unaffiliated/vesicant,vesicant,adams.freenode.net
Log1x,unaffiliated/log1x,Log1x,weber.freenode.net
balazs,c-71-196-210-55.hsd1.co.comcast.net,balazs,karatkievich.freenode.net
akkad,166.84.6.60,akkad,orwell.freenode.net
Guest15043,do.computer.scientists.wear.lab.coats.calebalbritton.com,Not the FBI,karatkievich.freenode.net
jaiks,nat/novell/x-mcvaepediadovtof,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
XV8,d-216-36-29-104.cpe.metrocast.net,XV8,orwell.freenode.net
AKPWD,irc.akpwebdesign.com,AKP,karatkievich.freenode.net
Sonicblaze,nat/redhat/x-exubdpquvjsbeiga,Chris Roberts,wilhelm.freenode.net
bazzy,botb.club,bazz,verne.freenode.net
r4z3r,2604:a880:0:1010::d5:1001,Kevin,niven.freenode.net
snapcase,octalzeroes.com,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
epitron,unaffiliated/epitron,epitron,weber.freenode.net
bathtub_shark,trivialand/guesser/zarthus,Zarthus,wilhelm.freenode.net
armin,base.m2m.pm,armin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
AckZ,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oqoazxestqyowoze,Jeremy McNevin,karatkievich.freenode.net
joast,cpe-98-146-188-96.natnow.res.rr.com,purple,verne.freenode.net
infernix,unaffiliated/infernix,the funk phenomena,weber.freenode.net
Scient,suurhans.com,Scient,weber.freenode.net
spider-mario,185.132.73.78,spidermario,card.freenode.net
aibot,ip172.ip-192-99-177.net,aibot,asimov.freenode.net
dn`,b2b-94-79-140-107.unitymedia.biz,dn,card.freenode.net
sphex,192.95.237.212,nobody,hitchcock.freenode.net
electrostat,unaffiliated/electrostat,daglyfe,leguin.freenode.net
heinrich5991,unaffiliated/heinrich5991,heinrich5991,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Jamo,185.20.136.111,Jarmo Isotalo,weber.freenode.net
dellavg,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::7:400f,Gianluca,adams.freenode.net
Talltree_,talltree.xyz,Tall,karatkievich.freenode.net
creat,unaffiliated/creat,Creator,adams.freenode.net
hightower3,141-136-214-76.dsl.iskon.hr,hightower,asimov.freenode.net
rafadc,116.red-88-15-164.dynamicip.rima-tde.net,Rafa de Castro,tepper.freenode.net
sorah___,133.242.147.149.v6.sakura.ne.jp,sorah.jp,karatkievich.freenode.net
_joes_,178.62.85.212,Joe Santoro,asimov.freenode.net
moufl,unaffiliated/-5moufl/x-2822395,5moufl,barjavel.freenode.net
badeball,178.62.251.19,Jonas Amundsen,wolfe.freenode.net
NightMonkey,pdpc/supporter/professional/nightmonkey,Jesse Adelman,asimov.freenode.net
hardest,2ProIntl/Cloak/Users/hardest,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
cschneid,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe73:9540,cschneid,wilhelm.freenode.net
fedruantine,45.63.76.107,What's up jive turkeys?,orwell.freenode.net
humding3r,ec2-52-1-133-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
justinmrkva,unaffiliated/justinmrkva,Justin Mrkva,asimov.freenode.net
Emmanuel_Chanel,ZN025202.ppp.dion.ne.jp,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
ianconnolly,192.241.194.91,Ian Connolly,weber.freenode.net
klaas,simply.kla.as,klaas,kornbluth.freenode.net
pjaspers,mail.pjaspers.com,pjaspers,wolfe.freenode.net
pmarreck,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lsnytqixmisadfri,Peter,adams.freenode.net
TheSpectre,colossus.myenterpriselab.com,root,wilhelm.freenode.net
sinduck,ec2-35-161-27-115.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,bouncer,barjavel.freenode.net
dionysus69,unaffiliated/dionysus69,dionysus69,card.freenode.net
noodle,ec2-54-149-106-240.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,noodle,niven.freenode.net
piotrj,95.85.3.106,Piotr Jakubowski,weber.freenode.net
libastral,134.249.141.74,Michael,leguin.freenode.net
priodev,rukia.priodev.net,Carlos,card.freenode.net
guardian,planet-d.net,guardian,card.freenode.net
ozzloy,unaffiliated/ozzloy,ozzloy palindromemordnilap,adams.freenode.net
vali,unaffiliated/vali,Valentin F.,leguin.freenode.net
brucebag,unaffiliated/androidbruce,bruce,hitchcock.freenode.net
cajone,cpc101430-sgyl37-2-0-cust1986.18-2.cable.virginm.net,deviant,rajaniemi.freenode.net
RushPL,2a01:4f8:172:1413::2,Damian Kaczmarek,niven.freenode.net
WhiteKIBA,vm3.rout0r.org,clone,card.freenode.net
mroth,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-alodxltctcehabof,Matthew Rothenberg,karatkievich.freenode.net
justinmcp,198.199.115.124,Number 9,barjavel.freenode.net
mtkd,88.96.93.54,mtkd,tepper.freenode.net
chazu,45.55.60.76,chazu,verne.freenode.net
anekos,mail.anekos.info,anekos,hitchcock.freenode.net
NET||abuse,srv1.labdigital.co.uk,luke,hitchcock.freenode.net
bmn,bmn.name,Ben,niven.freenode.net
Apocalypse,unaffiliated/apocalypse,The End of the Universe,leguin.freenode.net
vircung,46.101.97.144,Nope ;(,karatkievich.freenode.net
crdpink,2601:1c0:cb03:87fd:3512:2fbe:13b1:386d,cp,karatkievich.freenode.net
SirFunk,198.199.78.27,Sir Funk,niven.freenode.net
modin,213-64-115-210-no86.tbcn.telia.com,Got ZNC?,sinisalo.freenode.net
greenhat_,159.203.74.71,Greenhat,card.freenode.net
radic,ekf.ro,Got ZNC?,tepper.freenode.net
podman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tsmagdzwppsikaqp,podman,adams.freenode.net
sjums,hurtig.ninja,Alex,niven.freenode.net
askhader,taurine.csclub.uwaterloo.ca,Amir Sayed Khader,verne.freenode.net
shinnya,245.144.137.133.dy.bbexcite.jp,shinnya,barjavel.freenode.net
FifthWall,irc.the5thwall.net,Andy,card.freenode.net
vifino,tty.sh,vifino,barjavel.freenode.net
xybre,bb4win/users/fluffy,xybre,adams.freenode.net
jpterry,mist.jpterry.net,John,card.freenode.net
TTilus,idan.ihme.org,Tero Tilus,karatkievich.freenode.net
Papierkorb,endless-aerospace.de,PapierKorb,karatkievich.freenode.net
spk,ns3268618.ip-5-39-81.eu,spk,asimov.freenode.net
aalmenar,unaffiliated/aalmenar,Adrian,tepper.freenode.net
coffeejunk,3141.eu,coffeejunk,hitchcock.freenode.net
KnownSyntax,unaffiliated/knownsyntax,KnownSyntax,wolfe.freenode.net
mikecmpbll,ruby/staff/mikecmpbll,Mike Campbell,sinisalo.freenode.net
lightstalker,unaffiliated/thebrain,Lightstalker,weber.freenode.net
xrlk,216-58-27-26.cpe.distributel.net,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
Travis-42,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rqpsmjwjdnerwota,Travis,wilhelm.freenode.net
bob_f,cunegonde.default.bobf.uk0.bigv.io,bob,hitchcock.freenode.net
guacamole,unaffiliated/colleenmcguckin,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
saneax-_-|AFK,gateway/shell/firrre/x-pzghymcpifjetmxx,Sanjay Upadhyay,wilhelm.freenode.net
connor_goodwolf,boomer.wolfeon.com,connor_goodwolf,weber.freenode.net
skmp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iuionvlljpuyktwu,skmp,wilhelm.freenode.net
erlend,178.74.5.25,Erlend F.,asimov.freenode.net
MrBusiness2,2602:306:8325:a300:c801:d7f:77e1:92be,I forget, myself.,karatkievich.freenode.net
gnarf,unaffiliated/gnarf,Corey Frang,niven.freenode.net
Lildirt,lildirt.com,Lildirt,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Olipro,uncyclopedia/pdpc.21for7.olipro,Olipro,adams.freenode.net
StoBrendo,236.ip-149-56-143.net,tux,karatkievich.freenode.net
nitrix,unaffiliated/nitrix,Alex Belanger,karatkievich.freenode.net
soud,unaffiliated/soud,Master of evil,wolfe.freenode.net
alnewkirk,ec2-54-85-198-170.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Al Newkirk,weber.freenode.net
optiz0r,higgins.sihnon.net,optiz0r,niven.freenode.net
nowhere_man,2a01:cb10:5c:1300:1a5e:fff:fedf:bfb0,Pierre Thierry,niven.freenode.net
scottschecter,c-76-115-234-122.hsd1.or.comcast.net,realname,adams.freenode.net
jswe,128.199.129.100,jswe,rajaniemi.freenode.net
oz,cypr.io,Arnaud Berthomier,barjavel.freenode.net
sneakerhax,unaffiliated/sneakerhead,I like sneakers...,weber.freenode.net
Kilo`byte,cucumber.kilobyte22.de,The REAL Kilobyte,asimov.freenode.net
darthvorik,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vabsacxazgmkliqa,darthirc,wilhelm.freenode.net
daed,unaffiliated/daed,daed,hitchcock.freenode.net
SebastianThorn,95.85.49.170,Sebastian Thörn,rajaniemi.freenode.net
roger_rabbit,unaffiliated/roger-rabbit/x-7769789,admin,karatkievich.freenode.net
bronson,142-254-17-73.dsl.dynamic.fusionbroadband.com,bronson,orwell.freenode.net
bogdanteleaga,unaffiliated/bogdanteleaga,Bogdan Teleaga,adams.freenode.net
BytesAndCoffee,bytes.coffee,yazdmich,adams.freenode.net
Davey,unaffiliated/davey,Davey Shafik,asimov.freenode.net
mg^,50-196-28-193-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,realname,tepper.freenode.net
kriskropd,unaffiliated/kriskropd,kris,weber.freenode.net
LyndsySimon,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lgqfiiewmphzjdlg,Lyndsy Simon,adams.freenode.net
xall,ppp-61-90-36-188.revip.asianet.co.th,xall,sinisalo.freenode.net
zzxc,unaffiliated/zzxc,null,asimov.freenode.net
freeze,ec2-52-6-138-16.compute-1.amazonaws.com,"Dr Freeze",card.freenode.net
makufiru,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-asdsbcpjmeormynl,makufiru,wolfe.freenode.net
nyuszika7h,lykos/dev/nyuszika7h,nyuszika7h,verne.freenode.net
BTRE,pc-202-73-161-190.cm.vtr.net,Colander,tepper.freenode.net
ahuman,107.170.206.223,Real Name,karatkievich.freenode.net
Nilium,104.131.148.165,Nilium,asimov.freenode.net
Fire-Dragon-DoL,75.126.24.91,Fire-Dragon-DoL,asimov.freenode.net
axisys,unaffiliated/axisys,Asif Iqbal,niven.freenode.net
sunya7a_,unaffiliated/sunya7a,EC2 Default User,orwell.freenode.net
uxp,204.109.63.239,HPL,barjavel.freenode.net
theRoUS,apache/sanagendamgagwedweinini/coar,Rodent of Unusual Size,orwell.freenode.net
zipkid,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ejtygxyubyerfpsn,Stefan Goethals,wolfe.freenode.net
Iacobus_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hqjwlgvkhoypgbti,Walter Lambert,wolfe.freenode.net
sts,hmm.ono.at,Stefan Schlesinger,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tommylommykins,ks362631.kimsufi.com,t,hitchcock.freenode.net
gsingh93,104.236.206.26,gsingh93,wilhelm.freenode.net
Freijo,coffee.modeemi.fi,Eric Hartin,weber.freenode.net
mikeiniowa,ool-1826eaa1.dyn.optonline.net, Python Bot,tepper.freenode.net
statelesscode,cpe-174-109-167-34.nc.res.rr.com,Anonymous User,weber.freenode.net
rikai,unaffiliated/rikai,rikai,niven.freenode.net
pocketprotector,unaffiliated/pocketprotector,* I'm not to lame to read BitchX.doc *,niven.freenode.net
nullfxn,107-147-108-164.res.bhn.net,nullFxn,tepper.freenode.net
Gnubie__,gp.chris-kelly.net,*,asimov.freenode.net
jtperreault,perreau.lt,james,weber.freenode.net
railswebdev,12.227.151.19,Rails Dev,orwell.freenode.net
Pisuke,unaffiliated/sembei,Sembei,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Radar,ruby/staff/radar,Ryan Bigg,verne.freenode.net
marktwo,unaffiliated/marktwo,-,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Nightmare,unaffiliated/thetfef,Kim,sinisalo.freenode.net
unreal,unaffiliated/unreal,unreal,niven.freenode.net
scorphus,CAcert/User/scorphus,scorphus,weber.freenode.net
teotwaki,Maemo/community/contributor/crashanddie,Sebastian Lauwers,karatkievich.freenode.net
Cymew,193.111.106.161,unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
SegFaultAX,unaffiliated/segfaultax,Michael-Keith Bernard,adams.freenode.net
epochwolf,unaffiliated/epochwolf,2d8 Wolf, 5d4 Developer, 1d6 Sysadmin,karatkievich.freenode.net
cevett,209.208.228.244,realname,niven.freenode.net
jschoolcraft,pool-173-79-241-168.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Jeff Schoolcraft,rajaniemi.freenode.net
oddmunds,t.oddmundo.com,oddmunds,hitchcock.freenode.net
greister,45.63.127.232,greister,card.freenode.net
boshhead,unaffiliated/boshhead,boshhead,karatkievich.freenode.net
deimos,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bnrwhyyvdrdzrqjs,deimos,wilhelm.freenode.net
jinie,vile.thoughtcrime.dk,Jimmy,tepper.freenode.net
twodayslate,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vssmlewfgamdewjp,Zac,wolfe.freenode.net
thejoecarroll_,dev.sihti.fi,Carroll",niven.freenode.net
ejnahc,chan.je,Chan Je Park,hitchcock.freenode.net
jeanlinu_,41.242.137.46,jeanlinux,rajaniemi.freenode.net
face,125.254.0.91,realname,card.freenode.net
okdas,unaffiliated/okdas,okDas,asimov.freenode.net
chopin,52.119.114.82,chopin,tepper.freenode.net
stan,fw0-b24-9.bc.bbc.co.uk,Tristan Hill,hitchcock.freenode.net
chrisseaton,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oxpyorejcuyjzljy,Chris Seaton,wolfe.freenode.net
Lloyd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mrtfxyhvncjuauyl,Lloyd,adams.freenode.net
voker57,kvirc/developer/Voker57,Voker57,niven.freenode.net
bairyn,unaffiliated/bob0,Byron Johnson,orwell.freenode.net
gregf_,gateway/web/freenode/ip.85.115.33.180,webdefence.cluster-x.websense.net/85.115.33.180,herbert.freenode.net
ericwood,104.131.60.124,Eric Wood,hitchcock.freenode.net
shadeslayer,kde/garg,Rohan Garg,verne.freenode.net
seggy,ec2-52-73-220-87.compute-1.amazonaws.com,seggy,hitchcock.freenode.net
seitensei,unaffiliated/seitensei,tensei,asimov.freenode.net
mjc_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wabcvykxrvjlxhen,Michael J. Cohen,adams.freenode.net
Tony-St4rk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kgldpuadzjnacpcn,Tony-St4rk,wilhelm.freenode.net
GinoManWrx,50-251-53-110-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,realname,adams.freenode.net
cyberRodent,207-237-82-100.c3-0.nyw-ubr1.nyr-nyw.ny.cable.rcn.com,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
djellemah,dsl-197-245-107-48.voxdsl.co.za,John Anderson,barjavel.freenode.net
knight_,shredder.phunc.com,Alex Knight,wilhelm.freenode.net
User458764,62.147.220.187,Textual User,asimov.freenode.net
Paradox,reddit/admins/paradox,herp derp,card.freenode.net
syndikate,188.166.218.60,Tyler Durden,niven.freenode.net
rprimus,a9.lence.net,User Micro,verne.freenode.net
rapha,unaffiliated/rapha,J. R. Schmid,verne.freenode.net
zenspider,ruby/staff/zenspider,zenspider,tepper.freenode.net
__main__,50-250-226-89-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,__main__,adams.freenode.net
levifig,hakr.io,Levi Figueira,karatkievich.freenode.net
abort,159.203.172.127,Logan Hasson,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gse_,ec2-54-79-79-203.ap-southeast-2.compute.amazonaws.com,GSE,adams.freenode.net
machty,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vkiuhyjzczcasfud,Alex Matchneer,wilhelm.freenode.net
andersh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pdwdnmweetjlzctr,Anders Hansson,adams.freenode.net
KillerFox,home.protection-fault.ch,René Nussbaumer,kornbluth.freenode.net
sirecote,162.243.46.78,sirecote,hobana.freenode.net
Fuzai,c-24-17-212-202.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,Stephanie,barjavel.freenode.net
codepete,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-osxmkiegoacbwufj,Peter,adams.freenode.net
bastelfreak,basteles-bastelknecht.bastelfreak.org,bastelfreak,hitchcock.freenode.net
MissionCritical,unaffiliated/missioncritical,Mission Critical,weber.freenode.net
rclsilver,176-31-182-190.rev.rclsilver.net,rclsilver,weber.freenode.net
mlehrer,nat/redhat/x-hkstmdhlbuypamyv,Mordechai,adams.freenode.net
nfsnobody,unaffiliated/nfsnobody,nfsnobody,roddenberry.freenode.net
clamstar,162.243.230.189,znc,hitchcock.freenode.net
jhill_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-slzklovnamtlnexo,Jason Hill,wilhelm.freenode.net
Hobbyboy,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-fqbyrfcjevawlgcx,Andrew,adams.freenode.net
olblak,198.100.150.87,Unknown,card.freenode.net
Ikri,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe70:660c,whygaard,karatkievich.freenode.net
ndrst,2a01:4f8:130:53ec::2,ecc,niven.freenode.net
wopi,mailbox2go.info,wopi,orwell.freenode.net
rflot,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eomcupmbeqebsltp,rflot,wilhelm.freenode.net
pandaant,dslb-088-078-119-051.088.078.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
maloik,ec2-54-163-171-13.compute-1.amazonaws.com,maloik,karatkievich.freenode.net
artmann_,31-192-227-176-static.serverhotell.net,Christoffrer Artmann,,,,niven.freenode.net
segy,pdpc/supporter/active/segy,me.,tepper.freenode.net
toretore,crr06-3-82-231-12-81.fbx.proxad.net,Tore Torell,wolfe.freenode.net
Majost,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sczvbtdpumhlplbl,Ryan Hass,wolfe.freenode.net
oblique,unaffiliated/oblique,oblique,adams.freenode.net
bestie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tarxqnmbaqgotabi,Stephen Best,rajaniemi.freenode.net
qguv,unaffiliated/quintus,qguv,orwell.freenode.net
kke,unaffiliated/kke,kimmo,barjavel.freenode.net
chihhsin,Pub177.adm.nctu.edu.tw,Chih-Hsin Chang,tepper.freenode.net
rob_,r0b3r7.com,rob,karatkievich.freenode.net
cibs,118-163-170-73.HINET-IP.hinet.net,cibs,roddenberry.freenode.net
raldu,unaffiliated/raldu,Onur,asimov.freenode.net
Gadgetoid,ip-78-109-177-200.ask4internet.com,Phil,card.freenode.net
cyphase,unaffiliated/cyphase,Cyphase,orwell.freenode.net
shelling__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mgiodoflwkleavpg,shelling,wolfe.freenode.net
hlmjr,c-76-120-173-141.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,Herbert Miller Jr.,wilhelm.freenode.net
dnicole,2602:30a:2e5d:1370:1c4:4c5b:e009:c249,dnicole,wolfe.freenode.net
alxndr,pdpc/supporter/professional/alxndr,alxndr,wilhelm.freenode.net
matp,80-110-89-237.cgn.dynamic.surfer.at,Matthias,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kaffepanna,90-230-68-151-no84.tbcn.telia.com,Patrik Pettersson,orwell.freenode.net
matled,85.131.246.184,Matthias,wilhelm.freenode.net
alphor,2604:180:2:be2::a985,"",leguin.freenode.net
mistym,pdpc/supporter/active/mistym,Misty De Meo,sinisalo.freenode.net
postmodern,ronin/dev/postmodern,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Sp4rKy,freenode/sponsor/domogik.founder.sp4rky,Maxence DUNNEWIND,asimov.freenode.net
Didac,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-yerbipsmqeuihgjt,Didac,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Biohazard_,osiris.stary2001.co.uk,Biohazard,niven.freenode.net
gf3,104.131.182.162,Gianni Chiappetta,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kallisti5,66.187.72.34,Alexander von Gluck,adams.freenode.net
trajing,is.aww.moe,trajing,weber.freenode.net
ramblinpeck,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lrmwliqypxvwfnba,Daniel Peck,sinisalo.freenode.net
LiquidInsect,astound-69-42-2-144.ca.astound.net,Bill Abney,card.freenode.net
Eleeleth,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-umpslaebgnctvcur,Anthony Clever,wilhelm.freenode.net
Guest65040,199.175.50.37,Red Beard,weber.freenode.net
matthewd,rubyonrails/core/matthewd,Matthew Draper,tepper.freenode.net
patronus,94.23.17.29,or,niven.freenode.net
careta,78.31.93.209.dyn.plus.net,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
johnkpaul,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-exijrnyibhpsmjka,John K. Paul,tepper.freenode.net
audibleblink,45.55.41.97,merp,weber.freenode.net
ged,thing.fish,Michael Granger,verne.freenode.net
stroncode,107.170.227.56,Bradley Pitt,asimov.freenode.net
shaman42,kapsi.fi,Musta Naamio,orwell.freenode.net
eam,nitre.bayhost.net,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kuukunen,kuukunen.net,aki,niven.freenode.net
Bilge,2001:41d0:1:e378:59c9:2cdb:fee1:900d,14,1 B 15i 0l 15g 14e ,leguin.freenode.net
hxegon,li1173-49.members.linode.com,hxegon,asimov.freenode.net
JoL1hAHN,unaffiliated/jol1hahn,私は誰でもない,wilhelm.freenode.net
avdi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-itbkwoygqzimvnkw,Avdi Grimm,wilhelm.freenode.net
the_drow,192.116.165.226,Omer Katz,karatkievich.freenode.net
woodruffw,unaffiliated/cpt-yossarian/x-8375832,William Woodruff,asimov.freenode.net
bad_ip,unaffiliated/bad-ip/x-3702687,bad_ip,tepper.freenode.net
Fichtenstein,46.39.231.107,Игнат,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ewilliam_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nxptofzojtkebrht,William Albright,adams.freenode.net
discopatrick,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-grypkdfnrmsnxbxp,discopatrick,niven.freenode.net
Mr_Pancake,ns336688.ip-5-135-160.eu,Delicious,asimov.freenode.net
ironcamel,162.243.235.153,ironcamel,karatkievich.freenode.net
izaac,fedora/izaac,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
SuperTux88,i.have.ipv6.on.coding4.coffee,Benjamin Neff,adams.freenode.net
surrounder,eternal-september.co.uk,surrounder,wolfe.freenode.net
KrzaQ,var.krzaq.cc,kq,weber.freenode.net
forgot,unaffiliated/forgot,Unknown,kornbluth.freenode.net
ec\,ell.io,ELLIOTTCABLE,tepper.freenode.net
vdl,147.ip-167-114-97.net,vivien,orwell.freenode.net
tw1sted,unaffiliated/tw1sted,tw1sted,adams.freenode.net
lucas,debian/developer/lucas,Lucas Nussbaum,niven.freenode.net
MadWasp,2a01:4f8:101:3004::2,jniebuhr,niven.freenode.net
alxgsv,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-qxnfwdryxfuefmqf,Alex Gusev,karatkievich.freenode.net
mattp_,wopr.sciops.net,mattp_,niven.freenode.net
ta_,5.186.54.164,Tonni Tølbøll Lund Aagesen,niven.freenode.net
mrbobbytables,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sbztwsblqymgrxqu,mbt,adams.freenode.net
Flipez,2a01:4f8:0:a163:664c:e199:6263:2aab,realname,adams.freenode.net
tjvc,unaffiliated/tjvc,Thom Carter,barjavel.freenode.net
olspookishmagus,snf-137798.vm.okeanos.grnet.gr,Innuendo chameleon,asimov.freenode.net
twistedpixels,unaffiliated/twistedpixels,Nick,hitchcock.freenode.net
ryotarai,www8292uj.sakura.ne.jp,Ryota Arai,weber.freenode.net
RazorX,znc.evansosenko.com,RazorX,card.freenode.net
zmo,leloop/guyzmo,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
dyjakan,138.68.154.130,dyjakan,hitchcock.freenode.net
toogley,cygnus.uberspace.de,toogley,tepper.freenode.net
Tristan-Speccy,213.163.67.18,Tristan,orwell.freenode.net
alexandernst,amsn/developer/alexandernst,alexandernst,wilhelm.freenode.net
NeverTired,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gzjmferqpzagcsmj,John A.,niven.freenode.net
ShoaibJahejo,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-eavllgqagcqaadel,ShoaibJahejo,karatkievich.freenode.net
alamar,oops.kernel.de,Julian D. Seifert,leguin.freenode.net
ghr,host86-166-176-227.range86-166.btcentralplus.com,Gareth Rees,tepper.freenode.net
Muz,last.fm/moose/Muz,Muz,karatkievich.freenode.net
PaulePanter,mail.gw90.de,Paul Menzel,card.freenode.net
arthurnn,159.203.2.15,arthurnn,card.freenode.net
Yxhuvud,c80-216-40-174.bredband.comhem.se,Linus Sellberg,verne.freenode.net
Rabbit_,ec2-52-41-150-102.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Rabbit,karatkievich.freenode.net
jolamb,nat/redhat/x-kllmmysaiprlguvj,dobbymoodge,card.freenode.net
aredridel,2001:470:1f07:1247:218:51ff:fedf:64c6,Aria Stewart,roddenberry.freenode.net
drale2k,46.101.230.32,Daddy,asimov.freenode.net
scott4000,ip10.ip-149-56-78.net,Scott,wilhelm.freenode.net
imanc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fldbrvabztzongyf,imanc,wilhelm.freenode.net
evie_hammond,unaffiliated/evie-hammond/x-9081247,Evey Hammond,hitchcock.freenode.net
Flonk,ec2-52-40-29-25.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Flonk,karatkievich.freenode.net
Madplatypus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tfsysjuuofmbjtew,Madplatypus,karatkievich.freenode.net
gizmore|2,p5DE33070.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,11,8Christian,orwell.freenode.net
kloeri,freenode/staff/exherbo.kloeri,Bryan Ostergaard,orwell.freenode.net
sheepman,unaffiliated/sheepman,sheepman,wolfe.freenode.net
gix,x5f708b7f.dyn.telefonica.de,gix,niven.freenode.net
caw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ywsvooxsctafmlvb,Christopher Wood,adams.freenode.net
hogetaro,softbank126015116082.bbtec.net,hogetarog,tepper.freenode.net
ekem,helium.nk3r.com,Monkey,verne.freenode.net
CrazyEddy,wrongplanet/CrazyEddy,Lovelorn Gothic Darkness, Anarcrat, INtP.,tepper.freenode.net
codfection,unaffiliated/codfection,realname,niven.freenode.net
KramerC,unaffiliated/kramerc,Kramer,adams.freenode.net
Guest1564,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-anhfwfmjkswskvsx,drzel,sinisalo.freenode.net
FastJack,b2b-78-94-22-14.unitymedia.biz,Martin Maciaszek,kornbluth.freenode.net
orangey,mail.tarek.org,Orangey,card.freenode.net
hirvi,ec2-52-28-157-246.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com,"IRC",adams.freenode.net
jidar,104.207.140.225,jidar,weber.freenode.net
c355e3b,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xqvynwgxlfwdrqvx,c355E3B,karatkievich.freenode.net
DEac-,palladium.denkn.at,DEac-,card.freenode.net
mrfooo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-awikyhqxmtxxlsxq,mrfooo,adams.freenode.net
gmci,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xryajivltesogxbq,Graham McIntire,karatkievich.freenode.net
johnny56,unaffiliated/johnny56,johnny56,sinisalo.freenode.net
soahccc,2a01:4f8:131:206::2,Soahc,adams.freenode.net
j0bk,unaffiliated/affiliated,j0bk,adams.freenode.net
book`_,68.ip-149-56-14.net,book,wolfe.freenode.net
jgross,mass-toolpike.mit.edu,jgross,card.freenode.net
dalcde,pip.srcf.societies.cam.ac.uk,dalcde,adams.freenode.net
YYZ,2605:e000:160b:81ac:7dc0:b353:841b:5764,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
dalcde_,113.255.131.83,dalcde,wolfe.freenode.net
mogreen,unaffiliated/mogreen,mogreen,sinisalo.freenode.net
LobsterMan,unaffiliated/lobsterman,...,asimov.freenode.net
LXZY,unaffiliated/lxzy,Lazy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
TheKingOfSpoon,unaffiliated/thekingofpoon,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
^iRiE^,unaffiliated/irie/x-9706957,...,sinisalo.freenode.net
SeferYetzirah,pdpc/supporter/active/seferyetzirah,ian,weber.freenode.net
timmah,notamalicious.link,timmah,wolfe.freenode.net
slobber,unaffiliated/linkxs,slobber,wilhelm.freenode.net
sareebro,unaffiliated/sareebro,sareebro,barjavel.freenode.net
jtbot,li594-189.members.linode.com,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
jmtran,unaffiliated/jmtran,keeheeee,roddenberry.freenode.net
hotdogs,2605:e000:ac8a:500:beee:eeee:eeee:eeef,noplzlol,niven.freenode.net
CTRL-ALE-DEL,alexjandro.com,lady gaga,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Adran,botters/staff/adran,Adran Duran,tepper.freenode.net
IkaLibertarian,62.235.190.105,bart,wolfe.freenode.net
garo,2001:6a8:215::1,garo's irc,karatkievich.freenode.net
p2-mate,emantra.psychaos.be,Peter 'p2' De Schrijver,rajaniemi.freenode.net
NespaLa,d54C447DF.access.telenet.be,Leo Bistmans,wilhelm.freenode.net
DJefke,tria.flashblue.be,Christophe,asimov.freenode.net
Poincare,chat.poincare.be,Jeff,adams.freenode.net
sybix,yeswescan.malooma.bzh,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
s_kunk,unaffiliated/s-kunk/x-5139101,s_kunk,wilhelm.freenode.net
y0no,2001:bc8:212d:201:ff01::a,y0no,leguin.freenode.net
No_one_at_all,unaffiliated/no-one-at-all/x-0113301,no_one_at_all,orwell.freenode.net
CussBot,unaffiliated/mamarley/bot/mamarley-bots, Cuss Statistics Bot,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
lostlabyrinth,unaffiliated/lostlabyrinth,lostlabyrinth,adams.freenode.net
miek,unaffiliated/mikechml,mike,wilhelm.freenode.net
kenkeiter,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zjqajfjxvsflqvfq,Ken Keiter,adams.freenode.net
kmehall,droplet.kevinmehall.com,Kevin,,,,wolfe.freenode.net
emmflo,59.ip-51-254-102.eu,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
txomon,unaffiliated/txomon,Javier Domingo Cansino,rajaniemi.freenode.net
arunpyasi,gateway/shell/hiyabnc/x-momuflepkicnvalj,arunpyasi,barjavel.freenode.net
msev-,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-gwtpaapeuinadbox,msev-,niven.freenode.net
sbadia,marcellin.sebian.fr,Seb,verne.freenode.net
f31n,62-178-19-161.cable.dynamic.surfer.at,purple,niven.freenode.net
leothrix,elastic/staff/leothrix,Tyler L,wilhelm.freenode.net
draynium,45.63.76.107,needs coffee,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nopdout,72.11.148.141,anonymous,tepper.freenode.net
ParkerR,unaffiliated/parkerr,ParkerR,adams.freenode.net
martiert,41.37-191-164.fiber.lynet.no,Martin Ertsås,card.freenode.net
toli,ip-62-235-215-137.dsl.scarlet.be,black,barjavel.freenode.net
CommunistWitchDr,97-87-177-85.dhcp.stls.mo.charter.com,Mitchell Hale,karatkievich.freenode.net
iooner,2001:41d0:a:5b1d::1:20,iooner,wilhelm.freenode.net
Ricaz,nobelnet.dk,rcz,weber.freenode.net
Hobby,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-elimigrxjrzbnotz,Andrew,karatkievich.freenode.net
Freso,musicbrainz/user/Freso,Frederik “Freso” S. Olesen,zelazny.freenode.net
xsteadfastx,dslb-178-011-002-230.178.011.pools.vodafone-ip.de,marv,weber.freenode.net
dz0ny,unaffiliated/dz0ny,dz0ny,hitchcock.freenode.net
Maistho,c-35fbe253.019-9-6e6b702.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,Gustav Bylund,niven.freenode.net
edran,znc.nardel.li,Nantas Nardelli,verne.freenode.net
paul-antoine,2a01:e35:8a88:e410:86de:a70:8e2e:104,Paul-Antoine Arras,adams.freenode.net
ali,unaffiliated/ali,Ali,orwell.freenode.net
jodal,nuh.jodal.no,Stein Magnus Jodal,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Danukeru,2605:6400:1:fed5:22:40ba:4fa7:f66f,Danukeru,roddenberry.freenode.net
hobbyquaker,ccu.io,hobbyquaker,asimov.freenode.net
stealthii,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zqjgytzqozdntmyg,Dan Porter,verne.freenode.net
perplexa,unaffiliated/perplexa,09rustles your jimmies,asimov.freenode.net
daven,cm-84.209.246.63.getinternet.no,Pibb mc Pibbert,karatkievich.freenode.net
audax333,daxbau.net,dax,orwell.freenode.net
NightMonkey,pdpc/supporter/professional/nightmonkey,Jesse Adelman,asimov.freenode.net
JayGatsby,unaffiliated/jaygatsby7,JayGatsby,wilhelm.freenode.net
[o__o],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me,verne.freenode.net
j_ybt,192.161.48.22,anonymous,rajaniemi.freenode.net
slo,irc.fik1.net,i am slo,barjavel.freenode.net
martiert_work,vor.ifi.uio.no,Martin Ertsaas,weber.freenode.net
wchill,2604:a880:800:10::1142:5001,wchill,niven.freenode.net
adamcik,2001:67c:29f4:1018::1,Thomas Adamcik,wolfe.freenode.net
kingosticks,195.99.255.194,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
Silicium,5.9.215.242,Marco Meile,weber.freenode.net
klaas,simply.kla.as,klaas,kornbluth.freenode.net
sophiee,customer.phcn.net,http://phcn.ws,tepper.freenode.net
kants,unaffiliated/kants,kants,barjavel.freenode.net
amstan,aichallenge/admin/amstan,Alexandru M Stan,orwell.freenode.net
rattboi,kanyid.org,rattboi,niven.freenode.net
Afterster,morkxy.com,Afterster,asimov.freenode.net
baroumas,c83-248-138-195.bredband.comhem.se,Baroumas,orwell.freenode.net
kooldavi,p54BF4D5E.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,David,orwell.freenode.net
jelle,archlinux/trusteduser/jelly1,Jelle van der Waa,wilhelm.freenode.net
jordan_c,unaffiliated/jordanc/x-721815,Jordan Conway,leguin.freenode.net
fhats,club.dbtp.club,fhats,card.freenode.net
iDanoo,unaffiliated/idanoo,Daniel,hitchcock.freenode.net
ehlovader,unaffiliated/ehlovader,Joe,karatkievich.freenode.net
connrs,conners.plus.com,connrs,verne.freenode.net
Xandaros,unaffiliated/xandaros,xandaros,tepper.freenode.net
schinken,mail.cschirner.de,schinken,asimov.freenode.net
zenith_,riber.amagerkollegiet.dk,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
mortenberg,86.62.185.78,Morten Berg,sinisalo.freenode.net
Hobbyboy,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-fqbyrfcjevawlgcx,Andrew,adams.freenode.net
PickAndMix,128.199.96.54,PickAndMix,rajaniemi.freenode.net
early,68.ip-149-56-14.net,early,orwell.freenode.net
languitar,semipol.de,languitar,tepper.freenode.net
bossjones,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oukwsmirmtxkulty,bossjones,wolfe.freenode.net
voidstar,unaffiliated/voidstar,returnvoid,adams.freenode.net
Enzyme,ec2-52-63-125-128.ap-southeast-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Bernard Tennant,hitchcock.freenode.net
belak,encoded/developer/belak,Kaleb Elwert,adams.freenode.net
oddmunds,t.oddmundo.com,oddmunds,hitchcock.freenode.net
Ulrar,luwin.ulrar.net,-,karatkievich.freenode.net
MadPsy,unaffiliated/madpsy-/x-5109697,MadPsy,card.freenode.net
zack6849,unaffiliated/zack6849,zack6849,adams.freenode.net
egon0,static.49.92.9.176.clients.your-server.de,egon,niven.freenode.net
trygveaa,kramer.samfundet.no,Trygve Aaberge,sinisalo.freenode.net
Phixyn,host109-157-202-81.range109-157.btcentralplus.com,sona,karatkievich.freenode.net
jomat,2a02:180:a:62:1::1601,jomat2,wilhelm.freenode.net
gardar,bnc.giraffi.net,gardar,card.freenode.net
axx_,tru75-15-78-200-39-175.fbx.proxad.net,do you really need it?,wilhelm.freenode.net
norii,104.152.209.247,noriego,weber.freenode.net
lilmike,mtserver.mwtd.net,Michael Taboada,niven.freenode.net
johnyb,limu.coffee.liberejo.de,Julian Baeume,niven.freenode.net
juba,unaffiliated/juba,Juba,adams.freenode.net
JCSBot,unaffiliated/jstoker/bot/jcsbot,JCSBot,niven.freenode.net
JStoker,unaffiliated/jstoker,JStoker,niven.freenode.net
minsky,But.I.Love.The.Coookies.PanicBNC.com,minsky,karatkievich.freenode.net
Amrykid,nim-lang.org,Amrykid,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
dom96,nim-lang.org,Dominik,barjavel.freenode.net
Anonissimus,85.93.10.151,anonissimus,hitchcock.freenode.net
boxrick1,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qpxbbxndbdgjjvlz,boxrick1,orwell.freenode.net
funnel,unaffiliated/espiral,funnel,hitchcock.freenode.net
nickzxcv,edi.schmalenberger.us,Nick Schmalenberger,niven.freenode.net
stealthii,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zqjgytzqozdntmyg,Dan Porter,verne.freenode.net
ceegee,46.38.232.244,Christian Garling,orwell.freenode.net
Bossi,p50816EDC.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Bossi,asimov.freenode.net
kysse,empty.zpm.fi,Ville Vuorinen,asimov.freenode.net
CrtxReavr,shodan.trioptimum.com,Cortex Reaver,wilhelm.freenode.net
lroe,unaffiliated/roe,Munroe,card.freenode.net
MrLINK,212.51.3.232,root,tepper.freenode.net
cereal,lanaddict.net,cereal,rajaniemi.freenode.net
marlinc,1.0.0.127.13.204.167.185.in-addr.arpa,Marlinc,adams.freenode.net
delacroix,2a02:810c:e3f:ecac:b0cf:9b78:16e2:d727,Darren Delacroix,niven.freenode.net
alvinstarr,206.108.5.187,purple,wilhelm.freenode.net
Ulrike,45.55.123.58,Ulrike Schultz,karatkievich.freenode.net
rob0,pdpc/valentine/postfixninja/rob0,/dev/rob0,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Arrfab,centos/unfakeable/Arrfab,Fabian Arrotin,orwell.freenode.net
justdave_,unaffiliated/justdave,Dave Miller,sinisalo.freenode.net
zaytsev,unaffiliated/zaytsev,Yury V. Zaytsev,tepper.freenode.net
Trefex,2a01:4a0:44:118::2,Trefex,niven.freenode.net
karl_w_w,110-175-132-56.tpgi.com.au,realname,banks.freenode.net
ifb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wbggdxkwxvfxpcpj,ifb,wolfe.freenode.net
aca20031,2607:5300:60:4768::1,Ben Buzbee,wilhelm.freenode.net
lvlinux,unaffiliated/lvlinux,4x5,card.freenode.net
JackWinter,vodsl-5055.vo.lu,Jack Winter,tepper.freenode.net
[twisti],ipv6.toadwater.com,J. Stoever,adams.freenode.net
unmey,162.243.121.149,emanlear,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jacobwg,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gylmxzhowpbbrddx,Jacob Gillespie,wilhelm.freenode.net
Noldorin,unaffiliated/noldorin,Alex,niven.freenode.net
ehlovader,unaffiliated/ehlovader,Joe,karatkievich.freenode.net
Cprossu,ip68-230-84-6.ph.ph.cox.net,...,barjavel.freenode.net
tonsofpcs,rivendell/member/tonsofpcs,MythBuntu,adams.freenode.net
movedx,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gdnsinccbfqgtyyw,Michael C,karatkievich.freenode.net
Excalibur|WORK,d198-53-141-145.abhsia.telus.net,NNScript user,karatkievich.freenode.net
jbermudes,unaffiliated/jbermudes,jbermudes,karatkievich.freenode.net
pimpind,cockgoblins.net,pimpind,barjavel.freenode.net
illuminata,2604:a880:800:10::68c:1001,illuminata,wolfe.freenode.net
maestrojed,2604:a880:800:10::1f9:4001,maestrojed,wilhelm.freenode.net
blb,unaffiliated/bryno,b,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
flame,89-160-180-47.du.xdsl.is,flame,karatkievich.freenode.net
sh4,unaffiliated/sh4,sh4,rajaniemi.freenode.net
yeoj,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ewclftbbdhaomfju,just another guy,wolfe.freenode.net
Aerroon,unaffiliated/tawre,Tawre,niven.freenode.net
madprops,138.68.25.106,Gnorts, Mr. Alien,card.freenode.net
rwg,awos/tester/rwg,rwg,barjavel.freenode.net
stryx`,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,stryx,karatkievich.freenode.net
jerit,ec2-52-11-187-89.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,ZNC provided by loganyoung.co.za,niven.freenode.net
Aoyagi,unaffiliated/aoyagi,AoyagiAichou,rajaniemi.freenode.net
prosody,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-okwbtnfulegpqetx,.'rosody Vereable Context(°,adams.freenode.net
stoned,howstoned.ru,Nyle,wilhelm.freenode.net
gischy__,pD954C9D8.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,gischy,adams.freenode.net
iomari,197.211.56.28,Ibrahim Salim Omari,barjavel.freenode.net
charisma,unaffiliated/charisma,charisma,leguin.freenode.net
wwspider,77.81.226.132,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
laZilla,unaffiliated/lazilla,Optional,weber.freenode.net
paccer,paccer.dk,paccer,leguin.freenode.net
raccccoon,irchelp/raccoon,Keeper Of The Keys.,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
swoolley,sourcemage/wizard/swoolley,Seth A Woolley,tepper.freenode.net
jane,unaffiliated/jane,jane,karatkievich.freenode.net
Flynnn,unaffiliated/flynnn,Textual User,leguin.freenode.net
justan0theruser,unaffiliated/justanotheruser,Justan,hitchcock.freenode.net
asdofindia,gateway/shell/firrre/x-shykpjizcdviacyr,akshay,wilhelm.freenode.net
deceit,secksi.org,michael m.,asimov.freenode.net
LjL,unaffiliated/ljl,LjL,sinisalo.freenode.net
opr,unaffiliated/opr,opr,card.freenode.net
naudiz,ki-omniarts.de,KiNaudiz,niven.freenode.net
oleo,unaffiliated/oleo,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
djinni`,68.ip-149-56-14.net,djinni,weber.freenode.net
Nugs,unaffiliated/stoned/bot/nugs,/join ##stoned,niven.freenode.net
aclonedsheep,unaffiliated/aclonedsheep,Got ZNC?,asimov.freenode.net
Kassie,107.191.118.233,Viddy,sinisalo.freenode.net
geheimnis`,23.226.237.192,geheimnis,rajaniemi.freenode.net
OverCoder,codebottle.io/user/overcoder,YOU'RE NOW HAXED,niven.freenode.net
Einherjer,69.64.40.177,Viking,leguin.freenode.net
gigetoo,c83-250-44-242.bredband.comhem.se,gigetoo,leguin.freenode.net
linuxthefish,unaffiliated/edmundf,E,rajaniemi.freenode.net
stefan_n,47.187.212.234,Stefan,weber.freenode.net
jasonmadigan,nat/redhat/x-dfyoqmokbxbgcfzd,Jason Madigan,adams.freenode.net
jbossbot,redhat/jbossbot,JBossBot,roddenberry.freenode.net
desk_spinder,pool-98-115-185-182.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,Simeon Pinder,weber.freenode.net
LegendThinker,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-grqklmruxyvzkfhl,LegendThinker,adams.freenode.net
mazz,redhat/jboss/mazz,purple,orwell.freenode.net
qe-ci-bot,nat/redhat/x-kbmwwwjddnthbwdb,PircBotX 1.9, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bot,adams.freenode.net
bobmcw,redhat/jboss/bobmcw,bobmcw,barjavel.freenode.net
spinder,pool-98-115-185-182.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,Simeon Pinder,tepper.freenode.net
rubens,aluxoft.com,Rub�n,wilhelm.freenode.net
khala,nat/redhat/x-fqbdeaxaxusznuig,Karel Hala,rajaniemi.freenode.net
theute,195.49.106.170,Thomas Heute,barjavel.freenode.net
gaYak,gateway/shell/tkk.fi/x-ksqnsebnqxrlpciy,Michael Burman,rajaniemi.freenode.net
viet,nat/redhat/x-qxamiadgxtozusjw,fedora,sinisalo.freenode.net
aerobot,ec2-54-198-218-116.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nodeJS IRC client,asimov.freenode.net
jsanda,redhat/jboss/jsanda,John Sanda,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
josejulio,redhat/jboss/josejulio,Josejulio,wilhelm.freenode.net
mtayer,nat/redhat/x-qikmgkyrdwclfgdy,purple,card.freenode.net
mwringe_,redhat/jboss/mwringe,Matt Wringe,card.freenode.net
NemesisD,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gzkolntzheadpous,NemesisD,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kaol,piperka.net,Kari Pahula,karatkievich.freenode.net
lambdabot,haskell/bot/lambdabot,Lambda_Robots:_100%_Loyal,wilhelm.freenode.net
joco42,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qbihzosbmdcsngzp,joco42,wolfe.freenode.net
relrod,redhat/relrod,rickymain,asimov.freenode.net
CindyLinz,112.121.78.5,Cindy Wang,card.freenode.net
snap-buildbot,ns508341.ip-198-245-50.net,PircBotX 1.9, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bot,verne.freenode.net
imalsogreg,brain-and-cog-eleven.mit.edu,unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
gcollins,ns508341.ip-198-245-50.net,Gregory Collins,asimov.freenode.net
mightybyte,haskell/developer/mightybyte,MightyByte,barjavel.freenode.net
carter-znc,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe6e:6c01,Carter Schonwald,karatkievich.freenode.net
ocharles_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oiwisterqzmqgmyt,Oliver Charles,wilhelm.freenode.net
CARAM__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kpxfucbwpjptaaom,Max Stritzi,adams.freenode.net
deni,unaffiliated/deni,Deni Bertovic,asimov.freenode.net
mbrcknl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fffgwjolumyrpcjy,Matthew Brecknell,adams.freenode.net
dustinm,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dustinm,weber.freenode.net
luite,luite.com,Luite Stegeman,karatkievich.freenode.net
c_wraith,adjoint.us,c_wraith,barjavel.freenode.net
grandy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ifbcbqkjtvifbqgf,Grandis McFaddon Lovejoy,wilhelm.freenode.net
BrianHV_,li133-225.members.linode.com,Brian Victor,asimov.freenode.net
metalrain,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rivszxqodfkrxrjt,Otto Martikainen,niven.freenode.net
hvr,haskell/developer/hvr,Herbert Valerio Riedel,barjavel.freenode.net
dalaing_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fqwazelobxrlnvah,David Laing,wolfe.freenode.net
cgoldammer,ec2-54-208-137-201.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Ubuntu,weber.freenode.net
sclv,haskell/developer/sclv,sclv,adams.freenode.net
carter,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmhweqsuvocmbizu,Carter Schonwald,wolfe.freenode.net
cyanoacry,50-1-140-178.dsl.dynamic.fusionbroadband.com,Who?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lpsmith,unaffiliated/lpsmith,Leon P Smith,orwell.freenode.net
cschneid,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe73:9540,cschneid,wilhelm.freenode.net
jdt,208.85.233.130,Justin Thomas,card.freenode.net
heyj,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pdilscukcsaxvmka,J R,wolfe.freenode.net
osfameron,www.greenokapi.net,Hakim,hitchcock.freenode.net
bairyn,unaffiliated/bob0,Byron Johnson,orwell.freenode.net
cheater,84-115-10-238.cable.dynamic.surfer.at,cheater,karatkievich.freenode.net
zodbot,fedora/bot/zodbot,Limnoria installed on 2016-06-11T19-31-21,orwell.freenode.net
u0m3,188.25.14.68,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
fdcx,ceata/consiliu/FDCX,Cornel-Florentin Dimitriu,orwell.freenode.net
joshontheweb,223.206.64.39,Josh Nielsen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
noah256,nil.io,Noah,wolfe.freenode.net
bundy,216.193.204.239,realname,card.freenode.net
travhimself,104.131.27.38,travhimself,asimov.freenode.net
mykul,104.131.27.38,mykul,karatkievich.freenode.net
cardoni,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lreihkgcubymznmz,Greg Cardoni,hitchcock.freenode.net
DctrWatson,vvv.dctrwatson.com,DctrWatson,barjavel.freenode.net
sirenius,ec2-52-64-106-232.ap-southeast-2.compute.amazonaws.com,sirenius,adams.freenode.net
pronto,tasty.bagels.xxx,pronto,barjavel.freenode.net
aSmig,ta.failte.romhat.net,The Chin,hitchcock.freenode.net
Guest87107,2603:3004:15:1300:20c:29ff:fe9a:c6f5,Owner,leguin.freenode.net
enferex,users.757.org,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
okami41,162.243.163.72,Sam Sharps,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jpaglier,unaffiliated/jpaglier,jpaglier,karatkievich.freenode.net
gbg,li242-94.members.linode.com,gbg,card.freenode.net
roguesys,comint.hackd.net,Ω,rajaniemi.freenode.net
[ill]will,2607:ff48:1:2::213a:4c5c,illwill,rajaniemi.freenode.net
core,unaffiliated/core,core,asimov.freenode.net
overfien,98.237.142.112,overfien,card.freenode.net
iamcobolt,216.45.55.216,Cobolt Blue,barjavel.freenode.net
dnz-,ec2-52-64-106-232.ap-southeast-2.compute.amazonaws.com,d-money,weber.freenode.net
er1k757,tornado.beebe.cc,erik,card.freenode.net
flakken,c-24-6-189-13.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,purple,asimov.freenode.net
yrp,unaffiliated/yrp,yrp,hitchcock.freenode.net
satori_,dicerion.neg9.org,We are making an enemy of our own future..,orwell.freenode.net
flakken1,c-24-6-189-13.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,purple,karatkievich.freenode.net
oota,heretic.net-ronin.org,j d m,karatkievich.freenode.net
mr-satan,104.236.167.111,poop,hitchcock.freenode.net
numeral,172.245.56.183,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
whitetrash,heretic.net-ronin.org,whitey,weber.freenode.net
benjaminws_,hirc.benjaminwarfield.com,Benjamin W. Smith,adams.freenode.net
dstanek,2001:4801:7824:104:ff4c:ee8d:ff11:72f0,david stanek,adams.freenode.net
EWDurbin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xotutloxtvxboavz,Ernest W. Durbin III,wolfe.freenode.net
onelson,104.236.188.205,Owen Nelson,asimov.freenode.net
briancurtin,python/psf/briancurtin,Brian Curtin,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
palendae,2001:4802:7800:2:be76:4eff:fe20:a6e2,Nolan Brubaker,karatkievich.freenode.net
kryssyy,2601:804:8503:8830:5176:1631:3a1b:b698,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
kadauchi,ip98-160-132-210.lv.lv.cox.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
WcktKlwn,1.h4v3.b33n.h4x0.red,WcktKlwn,rajaniemi.freenode.net
brycec,unaffiliated/cobryce,Bryce C,leguin.freenode.net
traffico1e,gateway/shell/devio.us/x-ndkxyaynewelelbw,trafficone,rajaniemi.freenode.net
taylskid,104.131.111.33,taylor,verne.freenode.net
qbit,174.136.100.82,qbit,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
BryceBot,unaffiliated/cobryce,Mysterion,hobana.freenode.net
mcchunkie,vm.bolddaemon.com,nodeJS IRC client,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Furry2,cvn/bot/FurryRC,Furry2,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
WhoBe,198.211.126.84,Stefan Huber,weber.freenode.net
doublerebel,165.225.148.78,Charles,weber.freenode.net
tizbac,2001:41d0:51:1::a01,Tiziano,adams.freenode.net
xplodwild_,62-210-109-47.rev.poneytelecom.eu,XpLoDWilD,verne.freenode.net
mfernandez,unaffiliated/skatista,Marcus Fernandez,wolfe.freenode.net
atha,unaffiliated/athayde,Tiago Athayde,wolfe.freenode.net
Fernando-Basso,177.82.175.5,Fernando Basso,verne.freenode.net
oliverio,unaffiliated/oliverio,oliverio,card.freenode.net
rapier,unaffiliated/novato-br/x-1551087,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
rodd,unaffiliated/rodd,Rodrigo Z A,adams.freenode.net
NoRm4nD,186.211.32.254,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
DeLonge,gateway/shell/xshellz/x-xydwvyhljinicbsh,:>,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ule,unaffiliated/ule,ule,adams.freenode.net
subzero_,186.205.120.201,realname,card.freenode.net
neskau,adm.sbyte.com.br,ZNC Of Sbyte - http://www.sbyte.com.br/,weber.freenode.net
SibrekExuus,178.62.19.205,SibrekExuus,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
di0_,unaffiliated/di0-/x-5053590,di0_,verne.freenode.net
clecio,h200137222152.ufg.br,Clecio Oliveira,adams.freenode.net
zag,81.144.164.210,...,wolfe.freenode.net
miss_jwo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sffysnaftafabtyp,miss_jwo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MichaelC,phpbb/manager/MichaelC,Michael,adams.freenode.net
Maccath,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wednljibxitevosl,Katy Ereira,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
asgrim,thor.asgrim.com,James Titcumb,barjavel.freenode.net
jcalonso,167.88.42.5,jcalonso,barjavel.freenode.net
Vodinos,unaffiliated/vodinos,Vodinos,karatkievich.freenode.net
marulkan,c83-248-96-87.bredband.comhem.se,marulkan,verne.freenode.net
asdfman,87-92-183-16.bb.dnainternet.fi,asdf man,wolfe.freenode.net
infernix,unaffiliated/infernix,the funk phenomena,weber.freenode.net
northcode,vps-29.35.101.185.stwvps.net,Andreas,rajaniemi.freenode.net
n2o4,kapsi.fi,n2o4,barjavel.freenode.net
neeasade,138.68.24.67,neeasade,rajaniemi.freenode.net
aguslr,111.98.117.91.dynamic.reverse-mundo-r.com,Agus,niven.freenode.net
xintron,unaffiliated/xintron,xintron,leguin.freenode.net
protodev,eltanin.uberspace.de,proto,adams.freenode.net
verm1n,209-6-236-59.c3-0.wrx-ubr1.sbo-wrx.ma.cable.rcn.com,Krossaf4ik,wolfe.freenode.net
milk,thingsandstuff.org,milk,wilhelm.freenode.net
therue,1-162-77-223.dynamic.hinet.net,realname,leguin.freenode.net
runawayfive,unaffiliated/runawayfive,nope,karatkievich.freenode.net
chrima,93.93.129.62,chris,karatkievich.freenode.net
Doctors,disconsented.com,Benjamin H.,orwell.freenode.net
anthony25,aruhier.fr,Anthony,sinisalo.freenode.net
johnhamelink,welcome.to.the.darkside.panicbnc.us,johnhamelink,wolfe.freenode.net
fbt,fleshless.org,Jack L. Frost,wolfe.freenode.net
remi,fsf/member/remi,remi,adams.freenode.net
thorsten`,apus.uberspace.de,Thorsten W.,weber.freenode.net
besenwesen,unaffiliated/besenwesen,Hermann Zahnweh,wilhelm.freenode.net
Nycatelos,unaffiliated/illusional,Yidhra Kthanid,wilhelm.freenode.net
XIIISins,82.192.71.187,xiii,asimov.freenode.net
blind,unaffiliated/blind,blind,adams.freenode.net
Bryan792,107.191.107.168,bryan,hitchcock.freenode.net
Z-95,96-37-64-40.dhcp.gnvl.sc.charter.com,Z-95,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Lutin`,schlegel.us,Sam,verne.freenode.net
addaitech,addai.tech,✈ ▌▌ - never forget,asimov.freenode.net
eighty6me,unaffiliated/eighty6me,Goner Leone,karatkievich.freenode.net
matjaz,unaffiliated/matjaz,MoFo,orwell.freenode.net
mvdw,95.85.5.236,mvdw,weber.freenode.net
rvolosatovs,95.85.19.233,weechat,adams.freenode.net
minimalism,unaffiliated/minimalism,none,verne.freenode.net
Lense,lense.su,Gravitational,wolfe.freenode.net
AllieWay,v-64-94-100-236.unman-vds.internap-la.nfoservers.com,AllieWay,adams.freenode.net
thadood,slappy.thunderbutt.org,thadood,asimov.freenode.net
fengshaun,unaffiliated/fengshaun,fengshaun,card.freenode.net
c4rc4s,unaffiliated/c4rc4s,c4rc4s,wolfe.freenode.net
izalove,unaffiliated/izabera,izabera,wilhelm.freenode.net
tm512,static-50-53-134-76.bvtn.or.frontiernet.net,tm512,karatkievich.freenode.net
LambdaComplex,lambda.complex.rocks,LambdaComplex,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Wallis,unaffiliated/wallis,Wallis,rajaniemi.freenode.net
th3voic3,unaffiliated/th3voic3,Got ZNC?,niven.freenode.net
_laco,static.183.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,laco,weber.freenode.net
zack6849,unaffiliated/zack6849,zack6849,adams.freenode.net
Ploppz,s114b.studby.ntnu.no,ploppz,verne.freenode.net
erdic,unaffiliated/motley,erdic,wilhelm.freenode.net
jaagr,unaffiliated/jaagr,jaagr,tepper.freenode.net
apt-get,donot.passthepopcorn.us,apt-get,card.freenode.net
johnny56,unaffiliated/johnny56,johnny56,sinisalo.freenode.net
PI4GV,78.129.172.32,VERON (Vereniging Experimenteel Radio Onderzoek Ne,weber.freenode.net
Crashjuh,78.129.172.32,Crashjuh,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
wdhadmin,78.129.172.32,wdhadmin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
omtain,unaffiliated/patrask,omtain,karatkievich.freenode.net
blackbit,unaffiliated/ahuemer,Alexander Huemer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Panic,tapch.at,Panic,rajaniemi.freenode.net
for5aken,mail.atozed.com,for5aken,weber.freenode.net
book`_,68.ip-149-56-14.net,book,wolfe.freenode.net
for5aken_,144.202.228.211,for5aken,roddenberry.freenode.net
cbdev,hieristdas.internetzuen.de,fnord,leguin.freenode.net
ahuemer,unaffiliated/ahuemer,Alexander Huemer,wolfe.freenode.net
cyrozap,2604:180:2:69f::45de,cyrozap,wilhelm.freenode.net
bfirsh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bnrxuxrznyubryma,Ben Firshman,wilhelm.freenode.net
dfgg,195-154-165-176.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Damian K,weber.freenode.net
citypw,188.166.188.160,citypw,adams.freenode.net
collabot`,ircbot-3.wl.linuxfoundation.org,collabot,wolfe.freenode.net
bramwelt,osuosl/staff/bramwelt,bramwelt,karatkievich.freenode.net
jmorgan1,134.134.139.70,Jack Morgan,hitchcock.freenode.net
MR_Sandvine,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nrgitkwrovwldcmw,Manuel Rebellon,wilhelm.freenode.net
zshi_afk,119.254.120.72,zenghui.shi,card.freenode.net
amaged__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mulkgypprvvqwjks,Ahmed Maged,karatkievich.freenode.net
trevor_intel,134.134.139.83,purple,sinisalo.freenode.net
consultron,triton.consultron.com,Consultron,leguin.freenode.net
billyo_,skynet.skynet.ie,Billy O'Mahony (Intel),asimov.freenode.net
fdegir,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-miwrszcdrvzgrmid,AtoB,adams.freenode.net
B_Smith,burlon0233w-lp130-1-174-92-127-167.dsl.bell.ca,b_smith,wolfe.freenode.net
hwoarang,gentoo/developer/hwoarang,Markos Chandras,verne.freenode.net
Yaoguang_Wang,119.145.15.121,Yaoguang_Wang,tepper.freenode.net
OPNFV-Gerrit-Bot,gateway/shell/linux-foundation/x-mbfnujrliuzohnez,OPNFV-Gerrit-Bot,card.freenode.net
Blaaskjerm,cm-84.214.34.101.getinternet.no,Bjørn Karlsen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ReneHTC,180-250-11.connect.netcom.no,ReneH,orwell.freenode.net
cAPS_lOCK_W,81.166.55.102.static.lyse.net,HELMIN,card.freenode.net
somnibot,38.89.140.17,Somnium Admin Bot,weber.freenode.net
Blindbat84,173.233.172.186.outfitters.com,blindbat84@gmail.com,adams.freenode.net
SomniDiscordBot,38.89.140.17,SomniDiscordBot,tepper.freenode.net
contrarium,38.89.140.17,Whelk McWhelkerson,hitchcock.freenode.net
crazyR,unaffiliated/crazyr,realname,niven.freenode.net
hexafraction,unaffiliated/hexafraction,hexafraction,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
mattymo,irc-bouncer01.fuel-infra.org,Matthew Mosesohn,barjavel.freenode.net
HeOS,83.139.147.21,Andrey Nikitin,card.freenode.net
brain461,67.222.96.18,Vitaly Parakhin,karatkievich.freenode.net
mrasskazov,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe6e:4db,Max Rasskazov,wolfe.freenode.net
asilenkov,91.218.144.129,Artem Silenkov,card.freenode.net
SergK,irc-bouncer01.fuel-infra.org,Sergey Kulanov,adams.freenode.net
elemoine-,irc-bouncer01.fuel-infra.org,Eric Lemoine,niven.freenode.net
maximov_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wdmsipwwggxcobyf,Andrew Maksimov,wolfe.freenode.net
dkaigarodsev_,irc-bouncer01.fuel-infra.org,Dmitry Kaiharodsev,niven.freenode.net
aarefiev,194.213.110.67,Anton Arefiev,sinisalo.freenode.net
ogelbukh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zgvhtbgltjmnhdyd,ogelbukh,karatkievich.freenode.net
fuel-slackbot,irc-bouncer02.fuel-infra.org,*,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
holser_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vkoirdrthdldbrtr,Sergii Golovatiuk,hitchcock.freenode.net
izinovik,irc-bouncer01.fuel-infra.org,Igor Zinovik,adams.freenode.net
artem_panchenko,93.76.242.94,purple,asimov.freenode.net
openstackgerrit,review.openstack.org,openstackgerrit,card.freenode.net
tlbr,93.170.105.80,Ivan Udovichenko,hitchcock.freenode.net
HeN,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rsrfxhjpbkuzcfui,C,wolfe.freenode.net
alextai,188.120.133.186,AlexTAI,niven.freenode.net
uda,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fcgvqsaqqcuqddep,uda,adams.freenode.net
GuySoft,2a02:ed0:2afe:6e00:32b5:c2ff:fe67:bc11,guy,sinisalo.freenode.net
tzafrir,local.xorcom.com,realname,tepper.freenode.net
tomer,5.29.155.204,purple,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
yoavz-,white.blackit.io,yoavz,asimov.freenode.net
gooly,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-pqqvzmuwkdcoeukx,none,wilhelm.freenode.net
bug2000,unaffiliated/bug2000,bug,barjavel.freenode.net
mortsa,login.redpill-linpro.com,Morten Sandberg,karatkievich.freenode.net
bdperkin,redhat/jboss/bdperkin,Brandon Perkins (Red Hat),kornbluth.freenode.net
mitz,KD106167040033.ppp-bb.dion.ne.jp,Mitz Amano,tepper.freenode.net
vicious,c-98-228-45-13.hsd1.il.comcast.net,vicious,tepper.freenode.net
azizshamim,72.14.177.235,Aziz Shamim,verne.freenode.net
zerick,irc.quassel.zerick.me,Erick Ocrospoma,adams.freenode.net
justdave_,unaffiliated/justdave,Dave Miller,sinisalo.freenode.net
leviathanch,n218103130055.netvigator.com,David Lanzend�rfer,card.freenode.net
AppelonD,0x3ec639b8.static.customer.dk.telia.net,Dennis Appelon Nielsen,wolfe.freenode.net
skirk,pdpc/supporter/professional/stuartmi,I will always be skirk,wilhelm.freenode.net
tm,360.vmworld.it,sinnlos,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
nighty-,www.taiyolabs.com,nighty,orwell.freenode.net
wrea,2604:180:1:8ca::bae2,Will,wolfe.freenode.net
dhylands,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xdrieqvbovmailln,Dave Hylands,adams.freenode.net
hewball,203-59-97-212.perm.iinet.net.au,Hewball,asimov.freenode.net
heathkid,unaffiliated/heathkid,heathkid,verne.freenode.net
Alej24601,cpe-69-201-33-140.twcny.res.rr.com,Just Me,orwell.freenode.net
maxbots|mtw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gfkgbqitblgfscfl,Mike,wilhelm.freenode.net
Fenchurch,fenchurch.org,fenchurch,wilhelm.freenode.net
Tom_L,unaffiliated/toml/x-013812,Tom,asimov.freenode.net
Triffid_Hunter,unaffiliated/triffid-hunter,http://create3d.com.au,asimov.freenode.net
dmiles,c-24-20-102-245.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,...,adams.freenode.net
Deacyde,unaffiliated/deacyde,Notsure,karatkievich.freenode.net
overfien,98.237.142.112,overfien,card.freenode.net
Mr_Sheesh,unaffiliated/mr-sheesh/x-0757054,M,card.freenode.net
Eartaker,unaffiliated/eartaker,Ear,orwell.freenode.net
heathkit,li639-249.members.linode.com,heathkit,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
jesseg,64.146.180.237,jesseg,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MerkWerk,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe33:24b0,GTFO,rajaniemi.freenode.net
merkur2k,209.181.137.222,devnull,leguin.freenode.net
johndev,2a01:4f8:c17:114::2,John Dev,wilhelm.freenode.net
dlb76,unaffiliated/dlb76,dlb76,rajaniemi.freenode.net
BradleyS,99-37-7-27.lightspeed.bcvloh.sbcglobal.net,BradleyS,wolfe.freenode.net
hecliunyx,45.63.76.107,hecliunyx,leguin.freenode.net
psychicist__,ip127-8-212-87.adsl2.static.versatel.nl,psychicist__,karatkievich.freenode.net
chewey,p4FDB6076.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,chewey,tepper.freenode.net
Shibe,botters/ShibaInu,shibainu the programming doge,adams.freenode.net
Akira^^_,KD113159196223.ppp-bb.dion.ne.jp,Akira,adams.freenode.net
Thev00d00_,89.206.161.76,Thev00d00,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
VarunAgw,unaffiliated/varunagw,Varun Agrawal,orwell.freenode.net
Satyricon,static-ip-69-64-50-156.inaddr.ip-pool.com,Nemesis Divina,wilhelm.freenode.net
ritsuka,209.141.45.253,Damiano Galassi,asimov.freenode.net
TheRyuu,unaffiliated/theryuu,TheRyuu,card.freenode.net
pigoz,ns379744.ip-5-196-70.eu,pigoz,orwell.freenode.net
lu_zero,gentoo/developer/lu-zero,lu_zero,verne.freenode.net
ubitux,pkh.me,ubitux,karatkievich.freenode.net
kam187,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gyougadjvwiwzxyf,Kam,weber.freenode.net
ocrete,unaffiliated/ocrete,Olivier Crete,barjavel.freenode.net
decoder,46.4.109.83,decoder,orwell.freenode.net
Plorkyeran,plorkyeran.com,Plorkyeran,orwell.freenode.net
stianse,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vhkgrzslwfvtznnp,Stian Selnes,wolfe.freenode.net
isomorphismes,ec2-54-243-213-161.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Ubuntu,weber.freenode.net
libsci,unaffiliated/libsci,Lib Sci,adams.freenode.net
gnarface,108-227-52-42.lightspeed.irvnca.sbcglobal.net,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
irsol,unaffiliated/contempt,irsol,adams.freenode.net
ebail,2607:fad8:4:6:dc8d:3c12:ccef:b0e8,Eloi BAIL,sinisalo.freenode.net
JEEB,unaffiliated/jeeb,Jan E,wolfe.freenode.net
andr3wmac,hlfxns016cw-156034029136.dhcp-dynamic.FibreOP.ns.bellaliant.net,Textual User,card.freenode.net
mixi,exherbo/developer/mixi,mixi,card.freenode.net
ZynX-aww_,swedishhost.har.teamspeak3.se,ZynX,weber.freenode.net
Bryanstein,shellium/admin/bryanstein,Bryan Smith,asimov.freenode.net
tmatth,cable-173.246.2-21.ebox.ca,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
hive-mind,67.53.153.59,hivemind,karatkievich.freenode.net
jannau,soltyk.jannau.net,Janne Grunau,card.freenode.net
VarunAgw_,unaffiliated/varunagw,Varun Agrawal,barjavel.freenode.net
road|runner,unaffiliated/roadrunner/x-9036369,5Ren� Kohli,verne.freenode.net
tyng,comfy.moe,tyngdekraften,barjavel.freenode.net
Magiobiwan,unaffiliated/magiobiwan,Jeff,asimov.freenode.net
ILEoo,porogrammer.fi,Ilkka Ollakka,wolfe.freenode.net
moser,14.146.32.156,...,hitchcock.freenode.net
kasper93,unaffiliated/kasper93,kasper93,orwell.freenode.net
boiled_sugar,245.181.210.220.dy.bbexcite.jp,boiled_sugar,sinisalo.freenode.net
relaxed,unaffiliated/relaxed,relaxed,verne.freenode.net
SianaGea1z,84.200.248.46,Siana Gearz,asimov.freenode.net
ePirat,unaffiliated/epirat,ePirat,niven.freenode.net
dustinm`,149.56.14.68,dustinm,wolfe.freenode.net
marlinc,1.0.0.127.13.204.167.185.in-addr.arpa,Marlinc,adams.freenode.net
alision,2607:fad8:4:6:54e4:f741:9a75:bc9b,alision,leguin.freenode.net
spaam,lighttpd/spaam,johan,adams.freenode.net
^v,me.pxtst.com,PixelToast,wilhelm.freenode.net
jkqxz,jkqxz.net,MRT,card.freenode.net
Hobbyboy,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-fqbyrfcjevawlgcx,Andrew,adams.freenode.net
dv__,62-178-118-86.cable.dynamic.surfer.at,dv dwed,weber.freenode.net
superdump,unaffiliated/superdump,Robert Swain,wolfe.freenode.net
chuckleplant,81.184.191.249.dyn.user.ono.com,chuckleplant,asimov.freenode.net
elenril,lain.red.khirnov.net,Anton Khirnov,karatkievich.freenode.net
xMopxShell,192.95.23.134,xMopxShell,asimov.freenode.net
dro_bot,182-166-157-196f1.kyt1.eonet.ne.jp,dro_bot,rajaniemi.freenode.net
wcpan,wcpan.me,wcpan,tepper.freenode.net
bencoh,unaffiliated/bencoh/x-184637,Benjamin Cohen,asimov.freenode.net
Orphis,adam.orphis.net,Orphis,orwell.freenode.net
D4RK-PH0ENiX,73.199.192.61.east.global.crust-r.net,d4rkie,adams.freenode.net
Kei_N,unaffiliated/kei/x-756452,User,asimov.freenode.net
Myrsloik,kimsufi.warpsharp.info,Myr Sloik,wolfe.freenode.net
parasite,mar75-4-82-230-46-11.fbx.proxad.net,parasite,tepper.freenode.net
zyxep,zyxep.net,zyxep,verne.freenode.net
KotH,erica.kinali.ch,Attila Kinali,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
MBI006,84.201.25.97,MBI006,adams.freenode.net
