ziro``,178.62.23.156,ziro,weber.freenode.net
andreypopp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-otpsrbhmjzpnbvmu,Andrey Popp,rajaniemi.freenode.net
spion,unaffiliated/spion,Gorgi Kosev,adams.freenode.net
yunxing,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-swlzzhureeamkhxo,Yunxing Dai,adams.freenode.net
engil,unaffiliated/engil,Le Lamagicien,adams.freenode.net
dmiller,192.81.218.174,dan,niven.freenode.net
Khady,unaffiliated/khady,Louis Roch�,asimov.freenode.net
dch,apache/committer/dch,Dave Cottlehuber,leguin.freenode.net
jkni,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-unndgppvcusbqmkb,Joel Knighton,wilhelm.freenode.net
eagleflo,163.172.137.34,Aku Kotkavuo,asimov.freenode.net
grandy____,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ngqknvwltrurdrgd,Matt,adams.freenode.net
schmave,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vxbrdhazmfnbnyhs,schmave,wolfe.freenode.net
emmanueloga,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-crxcsiftxlrlucgw,Emmanuel Oga,adams.freenode.net
bsansouci_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tkzvjevvwzmtkyng,Benjamin,barjavel.freenode.net
cannedprimates,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pjuauaadzafsiecu,jjs,adams.freenode.net
luigy,104.236.106.229,luigy,orwell.freenode.net
gargawel,212.83.144.58,Gaël Deest,asimov.freenode.net
rseymour,pew-pew.pw,rseymour,niven.freenode.net
ryoia,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oaecjuaasxyzmzao,Julia,karatkievich.freenode.net
reynir,unaffiliated/reynir,reynir,niven.freenode.net
sa1,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cphqveqtfxublvvd,Saurabh Kumar,leguin.freenode.net
_whitelogger,uruz.whitequark.org,whitequark's logger bot,wolfe.freenode.net
srax,212.129.30.66,srax,adams.freenode.net
dinosaure,din.osau.re,dinosaure,asimov.freenode.net
hareth,aut75-3-82-227-119-180.fbx.proxad.net,François de Campredon,asimov.freenode.net
Isaiah__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qibqrknunokwcjwh,Isaiah DeRose-Wilson,weber.freenode.net
aantron,104.131.122.198,aantron,niven.freenode.net
copy`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dksfwoqcoyfmvclk,copy,leguin.freenode.net
chenglou,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-efyatdwtxtiaxxum,Cheng Lou,wolfe.freenode.net
menasw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ljxltpvzlnvduufl,menasw,leguin.freenode.net
sspi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-aqhnnbwpwpivmjis,Sander,wilhelm.freenode.net
theblatte,cpc20-camd14-2-0-cust643.20-2.cable.virginm.net,Jules Villard,orwell.freenode.net
jonrh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ziiimicgmbttzbek,Jón Helgason,adams.freenode.net
percival,138.68.15.65,mIRC v4.0,barjavel.freenode.net
gueriLLaPunK,guerillapunk.backtraced.yo.ass.from.inside.ur.seriesoftub.es,Your Mom,hitchcock.freenode.net
anarchabot,lasker.childrenofmay.org,anarchobot,verne.freenode.net
catsup,ps38852.dreamhost.com,d,karatkievich.freenode.net
raijin,unaffiliated/raijin,raijin,karatkievich.freenode.net
BGL,75-149-171-58-Washington.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,BGLWrK,barjavel.freenode.net
neanderslob,c-50-168-247-73.hsd1.ut.comcast.net,sam,karatkievich.freenode.net
kloeri,freenode/staff/exherbo.kloeri,Bryan Ostergaard,orwell.freenode.net
mm|Bot,unaffiliated/modelmotion,modelmotion,tepper.freenode.net
fractal,unaffiliated/scounder,fractal,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
munch,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-nbotweaimtlgdjhx,THE NOTORIOUS,karatkievich.freenode.net
SebastianFlyte,pool-108-48-93-213.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Sebastian Flyte,wolfe.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
mqds,95.211.212.172,mads,niven.freenode.net
tshirtman,unaffiliated/tshirtman,gabriel,karatkievich.freenode.net
tito,pdpc/supporter/active/tito,tito,barjavel.freenode.net
tmbg,2001:4801:7827:101:be76:4eff:fe10:8db6,Bob,karatkievich.freenode.net
qua-non,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-opzthbewctyfbhei,qua-non,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kollivier,ip70-189-219-190.lv.lv.cox.net,Kevin Ollivier,hitchcock.freenode.net
nii,2604:a880:1:20::1e5:900f,nii,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
inclement,146.185.177.243,sandy,verne.freenode.net
aronbordin,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-dorjdanszpvfaywp,Bordin",wilhelm.freenode.net
rokka,109.204.235.59,rokka,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rnix,static.125.110.4.46.clients.your-server.de,rnix,barjavel.freenode.net
eatkin,166.70.31.36,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
j6mes,j6mes.co,_,barjavel.freenode.net
llfkj,69-196-158-191.dsl.teksavvy.com,Kjell,card.freenode.net
kived,23-255-172-137.mci.googlefiber.net,kived,sinisalo.freenode.net
ohaz,endless-aerospace.de,ohaz,karatkievich.freenode.net
tragique,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nkfhtmfbbtbbsbdf,tragique,wilhelm.freenode.net
kiok46,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-ysxuoolfkqtkztpl,kiok46,karatkievich.freenode.net
CuriousLearner,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-yvwqwzxbhklkzyry,"Sanyam Khurana",wilhelm.freenode.net
doppo,2604:180::e0fc:a07f,doppo,karatkievich.freenode.net
vidplace7,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kdegbaljbplgpxld,vid,wolfe.freenode.net
dessant,unaffiliated/dessant,dessant,card.freenode.net
[d__d],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me,rajaniemi.freenode.net
espes,205.185.120.132,espes,wolfe.freenode.net
Cheaterman,unaffiliated/cheaterman,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
ParokshaX,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-hazhdmkvafpwmmgl,ParokshaX,karatkievich.freenode.net
marcoscano|afk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rkzljdrqgtbfzjhx,Marcos Cano,weber.freenode.net
e0ipso,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-tztaeyvtasgevvnw,e0ipso,karatkievich.freenode.net
Silly,104.236.92.80,Got ZNC?,asimov.freenode.net
Zoddo,bfnt/member/zoddo,Yohan Prod'homme,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Elizabeth,spy/botters.Eliz,Elizabeth,weber.freenode.net
Nothing4You_,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
CussBot,unaffiliated/mamarley/bot/mamarley-bots, Cuss Statistics Bot,karatkievich.freenode.net
Amrykid,nim-lang.org,Amrykid,niven.freenode.net
cydrobolt,fedora/cydrobolt,Chaoyi Zha,wilhelm.freenode.net
APic,apic.name,A. Pic. - my name since YOLD 3149,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
AntiSpamMeta,AntiSpamMeta/.,http://antispammeta.net,leguin.freenode.net
preguica,ec2-50-19-115-94.compute-1.amazonaws.com,lazyness lazyness,wilhelm.freenode.net
ricardoas,router1-srv-lsd.lsd.ufcg.edu.br,Ricardo Araújo,sinisalo.freenode.net
carla,unaffiliated/carlasouza,Carla Souza,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
PDogJr,unaffiliated/purpledog,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
Sakadon,let.dwo.jp,SakaiYuya,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
CryptoTraderClub,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vuqbpkuszyeuqimz,Dave,adams.freenode.net
Contex,2a03:b0c0:2:d0::226:3001,Contex,niven.freenode.net
soundslave,unaffiliated/soundslave,soundslave,asimov.freenode.net
luny,unaffiliated/luny,luny,orwell.freenode.net
doriftoshoes,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eefijbuoiigyoipl,Patrick Hoolboom,wilhelm.freenode.net
coins123,unaffiliated/coins123,coins123,card.freenode.net
ToFist,dev.metice.fr,Miners Pool,card.freenode.net
DigiByteDev,n218250011174.netvigator.com,Jared Tate,asimov.freenode.net
SoreGums,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-munpgltkizawtene,SoreGums,wilhelm.freenode.net
cosmo,ldxy-cdn.ledoxy.com,shroudBNC User,verne.freenode.net
Bose,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-caqloctqnanfjuyz,Bose,wolfe.freenode.net
tyage,tyage.net,tyage,orwell.freenode.net
tylerni7,copyfighter.org,tyler,card.freenode.net
factoreal,unaffiliated/factoreal,factoreal,wilhelm.freenode.net
foxtrot,unaffiliated/foxtrot,foxtrot,asimov.freenode.net
DrCode,5.28.134.3,DrCode,barjavel.freenode.net
tanuki,68-200-133-146.res.bhn.net,Benjamin Geiger,rajaniemi.freenode.net
captn3m0,207.46.234.74,Nemo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Ray`,46.101.90.74,User Ray,weber.freenode.net
trn,prone.ws,Jeff Johnson,asimov.freenode.net
Waywardsun,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xquhwzoakpumweda,Wayward,adams.freenode.net
Prajwal,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-aomktmwivoseinmh,_L30_,adams.freenode.net
D4rk,unaffiliated/d4rk,D4rk,orwell.freenode.net
kondi,bonafide.chickenkiller.com,kondi,wolfe.freenode.net
gsingh93,104.236.206.26,gsingh93,wilhelm.freenode.net
GreySparrow_,d51530e11.static.telenet.be,GreySparrow,,,,barjavel.freenode.net
hackabot,ec2-54-80-178-190.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nodeJS IRC client,wolfe.freenode.net
ask21,Wikipedia/Ask21,ask21,asimov.freenode.net
potomak,2604:a880:800:10::539:100e,potomak,wilhelm.freenode.net
bugant,vmi66245.contabo.host,bugant,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
nwoki_,178.62.131.84,nwoki,karatkievich.freenode.net
mgkwill,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-atpzoghayopzoikb,Marcus Williams,adams.freenode.net
lori,unaffiliated/lori,Lori Jakab (@ljakab),niven.freenode.net
dmellado,nat/redhat/x-chhbmhucaiwfeevi,dmellado,barjavel.freenode.net
zxiiro-away,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ktidejggukyusnbl,Thanh Ha,wilhelm.freenode.net
mlemay_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iacmzsjlueazysjv,Mathieu Lemay,wolfe.freenode.net
afredette,107.15.76.217,Andre Fredette,weber.freenode.net
odp-gerritbot,scratch1.linux-foundation.org,odp-gerritbot,niven.freenode.net
fkautz,pdpc/supporter/student/qv,fkautz,wolfe.freenode.net
yifei,205.177.226.236,yifei,tepper.freenode.net
CaseyODL,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wfpmiclmasxeewrk,Casey,adams.freenode.net
anipbu,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wodkrrsvpamdfcgk,anipbu,wolfe.freenode.net
gzhao,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-evphyznebfhsyirt,George Zhao,adams.freenode.net
jamoluhrsen,195.131-78-65.ftth.swbr.surewest.net,Jamo Luhrsen,tepper.freenode.net
chasmo77,158.183-62-69.ftth.swbr.surewest.net,Al Turing,wilhelm.freenode.net
praveen_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ejomqnekcjxhsyfz,praveen,wilhelm.freenode.net
odl_meetbot,fw-g0-0.linux-foundation.org,Supybot 0.83.4.1+gribble (2011-08-12T18:12:56-0400,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChrisPriceAB,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-caqnwaoohkqlkmjh,Christopher Price,adams.freenode.net
fdegir,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-miwrszcdrvzgrmid,AtoB,adams.freenode.net
phrobb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jsomaehidsyxqbbw,Phil Robb,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dfarrell07,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dlyinogeroscwjtl,Daniel Farrell,adams.freenode.net
mattw4,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-njrxdokzltuiqckd,Matt Welch,adams.freenode.net
edwarnicke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nmzebkuesoahkjor,Ed Warnicke,rajaniemi.freenode.net
abhijitkumbhare,c-24-130-159-214.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Abhijit Kumbhare,verne.freenode.net
carrotis,gateway/web/freenode/ip.220.118.71.204,220.118.71.204 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
abelur,scratch1.linux-foundation.org,Anil Belur,rajaniemi.freenode.net
guru3,109.200.19.187,This Other Dude...,karatkievich.freenode.net
P4,unaffiliated/p4,Remik,niven.freenode.net
ljrbot,2001:470:88ff:2e::1,Supybot 0.83.4.1,rajaniemi.freenode.net
luke-jr,unaffiliated/luke-jr,Luke Dashjr,hitchcock.freenode.net
theocrite,2a03:7220:8080:f800::1,JM,wolfe.freenode.net
dom96,nim-lang.org,Dominik,barjavel.freenode.net
danar,botters/staff/adran,Adran Duran,verne.freenode.net
Z-Man,p54A1FAB2.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Manuel Moos,orwell.freenode.net
peatcoal,eat.a.bowl.of.crunchy.peatcoal.co.uk,Coal",wolfe.freenode.net
Guest57901823,cpc76138-clif11-2-0-cust292.12-4.cable.virginm.net,LS,leguin.freenode.net
theocrite_,creteil-equinoxe.fr,JM,card.freenode.net
wrtlprnft,ipb21b4598.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,Quassel IRC User,niven.freenode.net
tronner,unaffiliated/p4/bot/tronner,crazy tronner,wolfe.freenode.net
MrBougo,xonotic/contributor/MrBougo,MrBougo,asimov.freenode.net
Lucifer_arma,cpe-66-68-59-243.austin.res.rr.com,Lucifer,sinisalo.freenode.net
ihptru,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::a95:f001,ihptru,niven.freenode.net
epsy,unaffiliated/epsy,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
Guest84082,c-174-62-209-16.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,dlh,wolfe.freenode.net
wxbot,jenni/cell-8675309,jenni yanosbot, http://git.io/jenni,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
yano-wx,freenode/staff-emeritus/yano,my idle time is a lie,barjavel.freenode.net
wiqd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sidlnleetlsahmsj,wiqd,adams.freenode.net
andrewgodwin,django/committer/andrewgodwin,Andrew Godwin,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
monokrome,54.88.139.115,Bailey Stoner,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ben2367,kde/bport,Benjamin Port,wilhelm.freenode.net
Kronuz,unaffiliated/kronuz,German M. Bravo,wolfe.freenode.net
EvaSDK,gentoo/developer/evasdk,Gilles Dartiguelongue,niven.freenode.net
igitoor,unaffiliated/contempt,igitur,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jmorgan,gentoo/developer/jmorgan,Jack Morgan,adams.freenode.net
blueness,gentoo/developer/blueness,Anthony G. Basile,niven.freenode.net
thunderrd,110.77.194.93,realname,tepper.freenode.net
macmaN,90.190.182.21,i wear my sunglasses at night.,karatkievich.freenode.net
BubbatheVTOG,pool-70-16-214-130.man.east.myfairpoint.net,Bubba,orwell.freenode.net
wizardedit,gentoo/developer/wizardedit,realname,leguin.freenode.net
cyberpunkrocker,91-157-13-196.elisa-laajakaista.fi,Quassel IRC -k�ytt�j�,weber.freenode.net
mattst88,gentoo/developer/mattst88,Matt Turner,wilhelm.freenode.net
jmbsvicetto,gentoo/developer/jmbsvicetto,Jorge Manuel B. S. Vicetto,wilhelm.freenode.net
dabbott,gentoo/developer/pdpc.active.dabbott,David,adams.freenode.net
wuseman,unaffiliated/wuseman,wuziduziiii,hitchcock.freenode.net
dlan,gentoo/developer/dlan,lan,hitchcock.freenode.net
Corvus`,unaffiliated/wolf/x-7838296,1Corax,niven.freenode.net
brot,quassel/contributors/brot,brot,weber.freenode.net
lxnay_,gentoo/developer/lxnay,Fabio Erculiani,sinisalo.freenode.net
telex,freeshell.de,telex,tepper.freenode.net
don_quixote,80.89-10-153.nextgentel.com,Don Quixote,sinisalo.freenode.net
NP-Hardass,gentoo/developer/np-hardass,NP-Hardass,orwell.freenode.net
Polynomial-C,gentoo/developer/Polynomial-C,Poly-C,asimov.freenode.net
johu,gentoo/developer/johu,Johannes Huber,hitchcock.freenode.net
t4bs,59.167.103.29,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
pacon,bog.hcoop.net,pat,verne.freenode.net
Soap__,gentoo/developer/soap,Soap__,leguin.freenode.net
mrueg,gentoo/developer/mrueg,Manuel Rueger,adams.freenode.net
Lucretia,pdpc/supporter/active/lucretia,realname,niven.freenode.net
floppym,gentoo/developer/floppym,Mike Gilbert,adams.freenode.net
josef64,unaffiliated/josef64,josef64,sinisalo.freenode.net
jmorgani_,nat/intel/x-gseucgdwcnukxpog,Jack Morgan,barjavel.freenode.net
Chinorro,2a01:4f8:120:9332::2,Chino,niven.freenode.net
Poly-C_atwork,gentoo/developer/Polynomial-C,Poly-C,weber.freenode.net
likewhoa,s2.maserver.com,Fernando Reyes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kraft,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-yzagzsggfjafsanb,Na,orwell.freenode.net
Hummer12007,46.101.222.236,Got ZNC?,niven.freenode.net
NightMonkey,pdpc/supporter/professional/nightmonkey,Jesse Adelman,asimov.freenode.net
pchrist,gentoo/developer/pchrist,Panagiotis Christopoulos,niven.freenode.net
_AxS_,gentoo/developer/axs,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
alexxy,gentoo/developer/alexxy,Alexey Shvetsov,sinisalo.freenode.net
herbmillerjr,c-76-120-173-141.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,Herbert Miller Jr.,tepper.freenode.net
GuntherDW,quadran.system33.be,GuntherDW,weber.freenode.net
keytoaster,gentoo/developer/keytoaster,Tobias Heinlein,sinisalo.freenode.net
nerdboy,gentoo/developer/nerdboy,Steve Arnold,card.freenode.net
cynede_AFK,gentoo/developer/cynede,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
wired,gentoo/developer/wired,Alex,wolfe.freenode.net
Jens,pdpc/supporter/active/Jens,Jens Rex,niven.freenode.net
nirbheek,gentoo/developer/flyingspaghettimonster/nirbheek,Nirbheek Chauhan,niven.freenode.net
remi`,gentoo/developer/remi,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
etcinit,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cfupntkwqledekmu,etcinit,wolfe.freenode.net
dleverton_,paludis/developer/exherbo.dleverton,David Leverton,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jhenke,2a04:ce40:100:da::101:5,Jan Henke,niven.freenode.net
kajzer,unaffiliated/kajzer,Kajzer Soze,niven.freenode.net
blueness_,gentoo/developer/blueness,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Kelsar,unaffiliated/kelsar,Kelsar,sinisalo.freenode.net
berti,i577B71CD.versanet.de,Michael B.,kornbluth.freenode.net
robink,unaffilated/robink,Robin Kauffman,card.freenode.net
K_F,gentoo/developer/k-f,Kristian Fiskerstrand,leguin.freenode.net
creffett|irssi,gentoo/developer/creffett,Christopher Reffett,tepper.freenode.net
noc0lour,prism.nocolour.de,No Colour,wilhelm.freenode.net
Kethsar,c-24-20-1-109.hsd1.or.comcast.net,emanlaer,adams.freenode.net
Ancient,198.7.63.50,ZNC 1.7.x-git-438-e879203 - http://znc.in,barjavel.freenode.net
dustinm,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dustinm,weber.freenode.net
rgk,li42-14.members.linode.com,rgk,verne.freenode.net
mgorny,gentoo/developer/mgorny,Micha? G�rny,weber.freenode.net
betheynyx,45.63.76.107,Public key was not set,wilhelm.freenode.net
kensington,gentoo/developer/kensington,kensington,roddenberry.freenode.net
mittwinter,pdpc/supporter/student/wechner,Martin,barjavel.freenode.net
dleverton,paludis/developer/exherbo.dleverton,David Leverton,card.freenode.net
_stowa,static.177.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,hitchcock.freenode.net
steev,gentoo/developer/steev,Steev Klimaszewski,adams.freenode.net
uen,p50840677.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,n/a,barjavel.freenode.net
Kob|zzz,2a02:a03f:1815:9a00:218:e7ff:fe80:4580,Kobboi,niven.freenode.net
kallamej,gentoo/developer/kallamej,kallamej,hitchcock.freenode.net
dexter93,unaffiliated/dexter93,Dexter,leguin.freenode.net
angelos,gentoo/developer/angelos,Christoph Mende,rajaniemi.freenode.net
willikins,gentoo/bot/Willikins,Gentoo Services Bot, based on Ruby bot (c) Giusepp,adams.freenode.net
nE0sIghT,unaffiliated/ne0sight,nE0sIghT,wolfe.freenode.net
chithead,gentoo/developer/chithanh,Ch�-Thanh Christopher Nguy?n,sinisalo.freenode.net
leio,gentoo/developer/leio,Mart Raudsepp,sinisalo.freenode.net
Chryyz,2602:304:47a0:5670:204:4bff:fe16:393,Chryyz,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bobwya,host-92-25-70-11.as13285.net,Robert Walker,hitchcock.freenode.net
dilfridge,gentoo/developer/dilfridge,Andreas K. Huettel,karatkievich.freenode.net
D5,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rdxzumozielhxvhy,D,wilhelm.freenode.net
trfl,62-210-82-123.rev.poneytelecom.eu,ed,orwell.freenode.net
shiznix,gentoo/user/shiznix,Rick,hitchcock.freenode.net
Ford_Prefect,unaffiliated/ford-prefect/x-6767531,Arun Raghavan,niven.freenode.net
xiaomiao,gentoo/developer/bonsaikitten,Patrick Lauer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
maffblaster,gentoo/developer/maffblaster,Maff,rajaniemi.freenode.net
vquicksilver,gentoo/contributor/vquicksilver,nobody,barjavel.freenode.net
Ke,pdpc/supporter/active/ke,Emil Karlson,rajaniemi.freenode.net
renegart|zZz,2a02:8071:2680:4a00:9cd0:9d21:727b:e6b7,Mirko Günther,sinisalo.freenode.net
mudler,gentoo/developer/mudler,mudler,niven.freenode.net
jcallen_,gentoo/developer/jcallen,Jonathan Callen,niven.freenode.net
chutzpah,gentoo/developer/chutzpah,chutz,wolfe.freenode.net
CalimeroTeknik,pradic.com,ctk,wolfe.freenode.net
nightmared,unaffiliated/nightmared,nightmared,hitchcock.freenode.net
Oddmonger,unaffiliated/oddmonger,Odd,wolfe.freenode.net
StatelessCat,unaffiliated/statelesscat,catcatcat,adams.freenode.net
Tucky,insole.laas.fr,PhML,verne.freenode.net
trebuh,unaffiliated/trebuh,trebuh,weber.freenode.net
Enjolras,unaffiliated/enjolras,enjolras,verne.freenode.net
eoli4n,unaffiliated/eolien,eoli4n,weber.freenode.net
xse,unaffiliated/xse,xse,adams.freenode.net
jcloud,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ujkkoelgnxwahthc,Jonathan Chan,sinisalo.freenode.net
webshinra,2a01:e35:8baf:4740:d54a:6df2:e3d8:1843,Rufus Shadowolf,adams.freenode.net
lolop,ber24-h02-176-128-75-85.dsl.sta.abo.bbox.fr,realname,tepper.freenode.net
Case_Of,unaffiliated/itruc,Case_Of,asimov.freenode.net
Piczel,unaffiliated/piczel,Piczel,sinisalo.freenode.net
cryptowala,unaffiliated/kooothor,pi,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Reihar,2001:41d0:1:746d::1,Reihar,leguin.freenode.net
Arcaik,mab.br0.fr,Arcaik,adams.freenode.net
neumino,104.236.144.112,neumino,orwell.freenode.net
HS-157,161.70.5.93.rev.sfr.net,HS-157,asimov.freenode.net
ValentinLePirate,ks3372797.kimsufi.com,ヴァランタ,asimov.freenode.net
vian-ney,virgo.cilg.org,Vianney B.,card.freenode.net
artart78,unaffiliated/artart78,artart78,wolfe.freenode.net
spider-mario,185.132.73.78,spidermario,card.freenode.net
moviuro,ns3007255.ip-151-80-43.eu,Moviuro,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mortalius,unaffiliated/mortalius,mortalius,hitchcock.freenode.net
Thrawn,mail.ncoif.net,Thrawn,adams.freenode.net
Geekingfrog,188.166.61.44,Geekingfrog,rajaniemi.freenode.net
vardump_,5.135.186.90,vardump,barjavel.freenode.net
carado,2001:41d0:d:9ef::1:16,carado@savhon.org,wolfe.freenode.net
srax,212.129.30.66,srax,adams.freenode.net
Iiiak,nexus.fricouv.eu,Vincent Fricou,adams.freenode.net
pata,2001:41d0:51:1::918,nicolas,karatkievich.freenode.net
nheir,died.re,nheir@,hitchcock.freenode.net
isundil,ns3279915.ip-5-39-93.eu,isundil,barjavel.freenode.net
erufu,ns378352.ip-5-196-68.eu,erufu,weber.freenode.net
Adri1,196-84-190-109.dsl.ovh.fr,adrien,tepper.freenode.net
barul,ns329657.ip-37-187-117.eu,barul,asimov.freenode.net
Minos,2a01:e34:ef0d:8ae0:6034:8d06:9666:6023,Minos,niven.freenode.net
sigma_g,ks.kadarniad.fr,Alexis,card.freenode.net
kotaebot,pradic.com,kotaebot,wolfe.freenode.net
Munrek,unix.cat,Theo,barjavel.freenode.net
dinosaure1,din.osau.re,dinosaure,asimov.freenode.net
Porkepix,2001:41d0:8:95a8::1,Porkepix,leguin.freenode.net
Neko`,unaffiliated/chiaki,Oo,karatkievich.freenode.net
YamashitaRen,ks3372797.kimsufi.com,YamashitaRen,verne.freenode.net
srozet,83.8.155.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,Simon Rozet,adams.freenode.net
klaas,simply.kla.as,klaas,kornbluth.freenode.net
r04r,unaffiliated/r04r,r04r,asimov.freenode.net
skot,ns527876.ip-149-56-106.net,Scott Hernandez,hitchcock.freenode.net
betawaffle,ec2-174-129-19-107.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Andrew Hodges,asimov.freenode.net
zerkalo,ny1.hashbang.sh,myricae,adams.freenode.net
decay,87-236-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,decay,adams.freenode.net
altj,unaffiliated/altj,AltJ,weber.freenode.net
konubinix,162.48.7.109.rev.sfr.net,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
ksx4system,eris.mgst.eu,Krzysztof Staniorowski,orwell.freenode.net
FiloSottile,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-caoakhbuwwgnrvvo,Filippo,adams.freenode.net
eharris,unaffiliated/eharris,eharris,tepper.freenode.net
rednul,199.48.163.219,rednul,karatkievich.freenode.net
cyphar,unaffiliated/cyphar,Aleksa Sarai,wolfe.freenode.net
ziofork,2a04:92c7:e:5a7:34b6:adfa:c2e9:227b,ZioFork,leguin.freenode.net
shael,h77-53-191-139.cust.se.alltele.net,shaelthetank,orwell.freenode.net
lachenmayer,gateway/shell/firrre/x-qacequrhfnujnszk,Harry Lachenmayer,adams.freenode.net
diegok,gama.freekeylabs.com,Diego Kuperman,weber.freenode.net
chin-tastic,c-73-184-69-208.hsd1.ga.comcast.net,blades,tepper.freenode.net
tibor,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tuqmtnctodiuptah,Tibor Vass,adams.freenode.net
jbenet,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kohjqdlvoqxoevrs,Juan Benet,adams.freenode.net
yomii,ip4d161c9d.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,cookies,karatkievich.freenode.net
jaguar-,maddshark.com,Jaguar,karatkievich.freenode.net
[o__o],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me,verne.freenode.net
pindonga,host205.186-108-88.telecom.net.ar,Ricardo Kirkner,orwell.freenode.net
n1x0n,dft-labs.eu,...,leguin.freenode.net
larstobi,cl-82.osl-01.no.sixxs.net,Lars Tobias,rajaniemi.freenode.net
seagreen,gateway/shell/ncsu/x-ugvtfaowiyxcdvqc,seagreen,asimov.freenode.net
besc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mobloqylftwjrdqj,besc,adams.freenode.net
morsik,darkserver.it,Konrad Mosoń,asimov.freenode.net
carramba,89-68-132-177.dynamic.chello.pl,localhost root,weber.freenode.net
netsjanek,gateway/shell/bshellz.net/x-avkdgofkcvlmvklw,netsjanek,wilhelm.freenode.net
eshlox,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rszjvcrvrnvpavuk,Przemysław Kołodziejczyk,wilhelm.freenode.net
SeeM2,031011239049.warszawa.vectranet.pl,SeeM2,verne.freenode.net
pskosinski,gateway/shell/mydevil.net/x-pgvvhhsxyfkwvunl,pskosinski.pl,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
xHire,kos.paskuli.cz,xHire,adams.freenode.net
pdostal,grape.pdostal.cz,Pavel Dostal,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
NomadSoul,89-75-146-206.dynamic.chello.pl,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
superoskar,2a00:1838:36:e1::7895,Oskar Bil,niven.freenode.net
lapisangularis,angularis.pl,lapisangularis,barjavel.freenode.net
pisarz1958,146.185.168.93,Stefan ?eromski,adams.freenode.net
GreaseMonkey,unaffiliated/greasemonkey,Legit,wilhelm.freenode.net
pfcode,2a00:1838:36:e1::7895,Paweł Firlej,wilhelm.freenode.net
PuuskaWin2008,13.93.55.105,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
BillBot,pfco.de,Sopel: http://sopel.chat,hitchcock.freenode.net
necro666,host-188-122-2-27.finemedia.pl,Dariuszewski",tepper.freenode.net
puuska,104.207.130.237,puuska,card.freenode.net
AveOS,2a00:1838:36:e1::7895,Aveo,adams.freenode.net
rakbot134741,185.22.172.79,ccrWorker,orwell.freenode.net
mortsa,login.redpill-linpro.com,Morten Sandberg,karatkievich.freenode.net
Flums,88.87.47.6,Philip Gabrielsen,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
giesen,2001:19f0:0:1019:5400:ff:fe25:bda6,ggiesen,karatkievich.freenode.net
Robbie_G,unaffiliated/robbieg,Robbie G,karatkievich.freenode.net
dabbill,c-73-140-159-160.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,Ryan Gillette,leguin.freenode.net
orangedolphin300,178.62.98.182,Quassel IRC User,niven.freenode.net
Nakato,rikako.nakato.io,Sachi King,barjavel.freenode.net
Rundll,rs.tasgn.com,Rundll,roddenberry.freenode.net
Tobu,unaffiliated/tobu,Tobu,adams.freenode.net
mcaj,nat/suse/x-lusfpnmudvrikcoa,Martin Caj,weber.freenode.net
static_void,unaffiliated/static-void,null,roddenberry.freenode.net
nevcairiel,WoWUIDev/WoWAce/Ace3/nevcairiel,Hendrik,leguin.freenode.net
TheOneRing,amarok/developer/TheOneRing,Hannah,asimov.freenode.net
Peter__,2001:41d0:2:e845::,Peter,wilhelm.freenode.net
Meduza,addprofile.se,Erik Cederberg,tepper.freenode.net
Spanjoekel_,5351F05C.cm-6-2d.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Spanjoekel,leguin.freenode.net
bendersteed,unaffiliated/bendersteed,bendersteed,wolfe.freenode.net
ogoffart,quassel.woboq.com,Olivier Goffart,wolfe.freenode.net
abadger1999,otoworchard.com,Toshio Kuratomi,adams.freenode.net
dabukalam,unaffiliated/dabukalam,Danny,card.freenode.net
hiro_p,unaffiliated/hiro-p/x-3221518,Hiro Protagonist,niven.freenode.net
`z,wikipedia/Zhaofeng-Li,Zhaofeng Li,rajaniemi.freenode.net
UnicornForest,c-50-152-200-154.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Jacob,verne.freenode.net
Xybol_,72.49.246.234,brian,orwell.freenode.net
sword_smith,77.66.112.22,Thorkil V�rge,rajaniemi.freenode.net
klcant102,main.woylist.com,kcantrell,barjavel.freenode.net
ninolein,p2003006A671CE8007285C2FFFE018B0E.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Peter Vollmer,,,,leguin.freenode.net
al,niel.cx,Daniel Albers,wilhelm.freenode.net
pixelma,rockbox/staff/pixelma,Marianne,rajaniemi.freenode.net
not-david,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pvovgwqouunrhlzf,David,wolfe.freenode.net
warricksothr_,sothr.com,Drew Short,asimov.freenode.net
cd311,mail.degenkolb.net,cd311,wilhelm.freenode.net
falwell,195-154-170-59.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Thomas,karatkievich.freenode.net
Reedy,wikimedia/pdpc.active.reedy,Reedy,hitchcock.freenode.net
bjorn,pdpc/supporter/active/bjorn,Thorbj�rn Lindeijer,wolfe.freenode.net
a_west,82-183-13-131.customers.ownit.se,Andreas W,sinisalo.freenode.net
avih,192.210.193.18,avih,card.freenode.net
ddstreet,45-27-90-188.lightspeed.rlghnc.sbcglobal.net,Dan Streetman,barjavel.freenode.net
keyvan,unaffiliated/k3yvn,Got ZNC?,leguin.freenode.net
balintx,2a01:4f8:210:20ca::2,balintx,adams.freenode.net
Nailor,dywypi.org,Jyrki Pulliainen,niven.freenode.net
Laurens,bulbasaur.sjorsgielen.nl,Laurens,adams.freenode.net
FL1SK,96-18-175-161.cpe.cableone.net,Cameron Seader,card.freenode.net
yorick,oftn/oswg-member/yorick,Yorick,barjavel.freenode.net
_tremo,wurzeldiener.jfreitag.de,J�rgen Freitag,sinisalo.freenode.net
Jens,pdpc/supporter/active/Jens,Jens Rex,niven.freenode.net
Hampuz,2a06:8ec0:3::1:b224,Hampuz,adams.freenode.net
ddenis,quassel.woboq.de,Denis Dzyubenko,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Manks,ec2-54-208-88-81.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Manks,card.freenode.net
tmbg,2001:4801:7827:101:be76:4eff:fe10:8db6,Bob,karatkievich.freenode.net
ansiwen,nat/redhat/x-srrqpsinjzglwwsx,Sven Anderson,barjavel.freenode.net
Piper-Off,2a03:b0c0:1:d0::d0:b001,P4rtyV4n,niven.freenode.net
Nephe,145.ip-192-99-71.net,Guillaume H�tier,weber.freenode.net
^GoD^,sirc.at,156,asimov.freenode.net
Darky,unaffiliated/darky,Darky,wilhelm.freenode.net
nitroxis,ipv6.nxs.re,nitroxis,rajaniemi.freenode.net
herzen,dynamic-acs-24-144-173-48.zoominternet.net,Alex Viskovatoff,card.freenode.net
realitygaps,unaffiliated/realitygaps,realitygaps,niven.freenode.net
dgw,wikimedia/dgw,dgw,verne.freenode.net
D4nthr4x,shenanigans.space,D4nthr4x,rajaniemi.freenode.net
fwaggle,irc.fwaggle.org,fwagglechop,wolfe.freenode.net
sknebel,2a01:4f8:201:2382::18,sknebel,adams.freenode.net
MJ12,2a01:4f8:210:20ca::2,MJ12,adams.freenode.net
mittwinter,pdpc/supporter/student/wechner,Martin,barjavel.freenode.net
zetaPRIME,23.227.183.240,zetaPRIME,wolfe.freenode.net
muep,muep.iki.fi,Joonas Saraj�rvi,tepper.freenode.net
hpm,v22015072918126530.yourvserver.net,hpm,asimov.freenode.net
bourg,70-90-182-52-Seattle.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,Steve Bourg,niven.freenode.net
idupree,2604:a880:400:d0::9bb:2001,Isaac Vivian Dupree,wilhelm.freenode.net
ricky26,teamfrag.net,Ricky Taylor,niven.freenode.net
Sakahira,ipv6.eientei.circinusp.co.uk,The House of Eternity,niven.freenode.net
ShadowNinja,unaffiliated/shadowninja,Owen,karatkievich.freenode.net
neanderslob,c-50-168-247-73.hsd1.ut.comcast.net,sam,karatkievich.freenode.net
gian_,2a02:348:b4:e70c::1,Quassel IRC User,niven.freenode.net
barlas,linuxpakistan/user/barlas,Aqeel,hitchcock.freenode.net
leio,gentoo/developer/leio,Mart Raudsepp,sinisalo.freenode.net
[dmb],pool-71-172-246-73.nwrknj.fios.verizon.net,Darren Blaber,,,,barjavel.freenode.net
tksquared,2601:c8:8003:8de6:1896:5479:69dc:bb07,Tk Appleton,karatkievich.freenode.net
Moscherkobold,roath.org,Moscherkobold,tepper.freenode.net
jandal,li951-76.members.linode.com,Jan Dalheimer,niven.freenode.net
Night_,2a02:fe0:c100:5:b8f5:141e:9ee3:e4d1,Night,sinisalo.freenode.net
kingkong|,chatq.net,www.ChatQ.Net @ Owner,karatkievich.freenode.net
ericxdu,ip70-179-48-184.sd.sd.cox.net,Eric,,,,tepper.freenode.net
contradictioned,2a01:4f8:c17:263d::30,Manuel Hoffmann,niven.freenode.net
the_madman,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fec8:be37,Marcus Harrison,niven.freenode.net
mosene,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-idaqgjiqlzlcyzmh,(. )( .) Breast, areola, nipple.,adams.freenode.net
becky,unaffiliated/becky,becky,verne.freenode.net
Kanda,kaylee.tinyhost.de,Kanda,niven.freenode.net
Anwarias_,xdsl-89-0-34-227.netcologne.de,Quassel IRC User,rajaniemi.freenode.net
a5m0,unaffiliated/a5m0,a5m0,asimov.freenode.net
azend|vps,unaffiliated/azend,Verdi Rodrigues-Diamond,sinisalo.freenode.net
xombiemp,71-35-224-61.slkc.qwest.net,xombiemp,weber.freenode.net
Dygne,getonmyhor.se,Dygne,wilhelm.freenode.net
supergonkas,2001:470:1f07:55d::25,whois,karatkievich.freenode.net
Meeh,193.150.121.77,Mikal Villa,wilhelm.freenode.net
titilambert,titilambert.org,Thibault Cohen,hitchcock.freenode.net
Smedles,CPE-58-160-77-59.ssqn1.lon.bigpond.net.au,Paul Smedley,weber.freenode.net
trollixx,sf.wisetroll.net,Oleg Shparber,karatkievich.freenode.net
huehuehue_,2a01:4f8:191:80a1:199::9e3d,arin,niven.freenode.net
karlthane,13.84.155.158,Alex Thomas,wolfe.freenode.net
hewball,203-59-97-212.perm.iinet.net.au,Hewball,asimov.freenode.net
alturiak,tyrael.eu,Markus 'Alturiak' Gerstner,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rmlhhd,unaffiliated/rmlhhd,Ryan,weber.freenode.net
seezer,quassel/developer/seezer,Sebastian,karatkievich.freenode.net
firesock,vali.lamercake.org,firesock serwalek,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lupine,unaffiliated/lupine-85/x-7392152,Nick Thomas,wolfe.freenode.net
CrazyBonz,ip98-167-129-237.ph.ph.cox.net,CrazyBonz,verne.freenode.net
ChrisLane,ns3286137.ip-176-31-183.eu,ChrisLane,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Wire,heerscharen.net,Tilmann,barjavel.freenode.net
akilsdonk_,dc.esilibrary.com,Angela,sinisalo.freenode.net
Exec,executioner1337.net,Exec,karatkievich.freenode.net
phuzion,103.196.180.111,phuzion,adams.freenode.net
Finetundra,107-130-112-19.lightspeed.tukrga.sbcglobal.net,James,adams.freenode.net
agaida,2a01:238:43b2:2300:4074:d967:4ee0:f1ca,Alf Gaida,adams.freenode.net
yoyo,unaffiliated/y0y0,yoyo,,,,wolfe.freenode.net
sandsmark,kde/sandsmark,Sandsmark,wolfe.freenode.net
Sorren,gyro.tech,Sorren,wilhelm.freenode.net
TC02,venus.arosser.com,Ben Rosser,weber.freenode.net
TC01,london.acm.jhu.edu,Ben Rosser,sinisalo.freenode.net
bocaneri,about/linux/staff/sauvin,realname,asimov.freenode.net
TecknoJock,unaffiliated/tecknojock,TecknoJock-PVL! Network Advocate,barjavel.freenode.net
D_,78-11-166-135.static.ip.netia.com.pl,Dee,card.freenode.net
workbench,wnpgmb0311w-ds01-66-114.dynamic.mtsallstream.net,Admin,wilhelm.freenode.net
bl0m1,95.85.26.121,bl0m1,wilhelm.freenode.net
GhostShadow,suht.kahtlane.info,GhostShadow,orwell.freenode.net
Tempesta,unaffiliated/tempesta,ChoiKyuSang,wilhelm.freenode.net
Yames,j162577.servers.jiffybox.net,Yames,barjavel.freenode.net
[7],rockbox/developer/TheSeven,Michael Sparmann,wilhelm.freenode.net
ri4naire,rrcs-108-169-145-219.midsouth.biz.rr.com,ri4naire,weber.freenode.net
izzy84075,99-7-56-81.lightspeed.davlca.sbcglobal.net,Izzy,barjavel.freenode.net
Vlavv,178.33.9.4,Vlavv,orwell.freenode.net
raijin,unaffiliated/raijin,raijin,karatkievich.freenode.net
Vito,unaffiliated/vito,Vito,wilhelm.freenode.net
Dgby714,dgby.org,John,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Stoob,krypton.bugfix.in,Steve,card.freenode.net
strav,strav.net,Steve Zilliox,hitchcock.freenode.net
MirSar,73.123.164.82.customer.cdi.no,MirSar,wolfe.freenode.net
josef64,unaffiliated/josef64,josef64,sinisalo.freenode.net
jonasbits,213-21-80-56.customer.t3.se,Jonas �stman,asimov.freenode.net
olystretch,util.bomb.press,olystretch,karatkievich.freenode.net
hakzsam_,2001:41d0:2:3f67::,Quassel IRC User,wolfe.freenode.net
tswett,192.241.237.138,Tanner Swett,verne.freenode.net
Deas,2605:6400:10:3c7:6b0d:94bb:27cd:5101,Deas,rajaniemi.freenode.net
charims,24-176-191-18.static.reno.nv.charter.com,chad hirsch,sinisalo.freenode.net
swaechter,randa/president/swaechter,Simon Wächter,adams.freenode.net
bgarcia,2602:306:308a:4520:e051:b216:13e5:9f53,bgarcia,wolfe.freenode.net
jbermudes,unaffiliated/jbermudes,jbermudes,sinisalo.freenode.net
VampiricPadraig,unaffiliated/vampiricpadraig,VampiricPadraig,adams.freenode.net
percY-,138.68.7.139,percY,wilhelm.freenode.net
DeepDiver,mail.tmit.eu,DeepDiver,karatkievich.freenode.net
lullerhaus,kanker.imelik.info,Mario,verne.freenode.net
jager,fsf/member/jager,jag,wilhelm.freenode.net
jbondhus,www.jbondhus.com,N/A,karatkievich.freenode.net
babylonlurker,188-179-122-164-dynamic.dk.customer.tdc.net,Jan,wilhelm.freenode.net
Aritheanie,128.199.67.68,Arianne@server,rajaniemi.freenode.net
leafstorm,2604:a880:800:a1::13:2001,Matthew,karatkievich.freenode.net
luckz,luckz.de,lkz,hitchcock.freenode.net
alphageek,2001:984:3fd1:1:223:8bff:fe87:d180,Erik Jan Tromp,wolfe.freenode.net
kingkong-,shellium/member/kingkong,Chatq @ Quassel,karatkievich.freenode.net
Seb-Solon,2607:5300:60:341f::1,seb-solon,wolfe.freenode.net
CihanKaygusuz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cjuzdxdkzsogjkfy,Cihan Kaygusuz,wolfe.freenode.net
olus_,li73-174.members.linode.com,No salvation.  No forgiveness.,card.freenode.net
jhenke,2a04:ce40:100:da::101:5,Jan Henke,niven.freenode.net
wagle-znc,irc.wagle.io,Perry Wagle,verne.freenode.net
fs,wikipedia/flamingspinach,flamingspinach,card.freenode.net
Talios,akl.smx.co.nz,Mark Derricutt,wolfe.freenode.net
jocke92,78-82-154-121.tn.glocalnet.net,Joakim,weber.freenode.net
x0908d3b2,2605:ea00:1:1::fc81:29c0,godaxen,wolfe.freenode.net
robink,unaffilated/robink,Robin Kauffman,card.freenode.net
XuR,ip98-165-26-174.ph.ph.cox.net,XuRiaN,karatkievich.freenode.net
wrtlprnft,ipb21b4598.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,Quassel IRC User,niven.freenode.net
AndyBrown,2.28.79.207,Andy Brown,tepper.freenode.net
[Saint],rockbox/staff/saint,Hayden Pearce,orwell.freenode.net
rhamby,dc.esilibrary.com,Rogan Hamby,weber.freenode.net
woodjrx,woodonia.com,WoodJRx,,,,karatkievich.freenode.net
nickd25,unaffiliated/nickd25,nick_bnc,weber.freenode.net
jca1981,ip2.c61.amb100.cust.comxnet.dk,jca1981,sinisalo.freenode.net
Dreconus,47-32-155-2.dhcp.snlo.ca.charter.com,Benjamin Segura-Moreland,sinisalo.freenode.net
Shura_,202.18.66.86.rev.sfr.net,FC,wolfe.freenode.net
netzvieh,netzvieh.de,netzvieh,barjavel.freenode.net
kalikiana_,geraldfield.org,Christian Dywan,karatkievich.freenode.net
bernhard,andariel.scheirle.de,www.bernhard.scheirle.de,niven.freenode.net
vispillo,vispillo.org,-,weber.freenode.net
xamindar,71-91-164-206.dhcp.gwnt.ga.charter.com,xamindar,weber.freenode.net
FrankExcViews,24-197-218-21.dhcp.roch.mn.charter.com,Andrew Naatz,tepper.freenode.net
wcpan,wcpan.me,wcpan,tepper.freenode.net
Orphis,adam.orphis.net,Orphis,orwell.freenode.net
jrklein,proxy.dnihost.net,Jason Klein,karatkievich.freenode.net
MilkyTones,d55175.upc-d.chello.nl,MilkyTones,weber.freenode.net
Me4502,unaffiliated/me4502,Me4502,niven.freenode.net
hehalmet,nat/qt/x-wgglbyrvbuaxwnod,hehalmet,wolfe.freenode.net
Ranomier,fragomat.net,Rano,barjavel.freenode.net
SineDeviance,prime.nitescorporate.com,SineDeviance,verne.freenode.net
crag,nat/redhat/x-bxolkxuteuicxjbe,crag,wilhelm.freenode.net
CryingCyclops,ec2-54-187-212-117.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,CryingCyclops,wilhelm.freenode.net
Udkkna,unaffiliated/udkkna,Udkkna,barjavel.freenode.net
Attila,unaffiliated/attilamolnar,Attila,adams.freenode.net
binophage,104.131.33.50,gynophage,asimov.freenode.net
TehNut,192.99.145.160,Nick,weber.freenode.net
altepizza_,2a01:4f8:c17:3b6a::2,altepizza,niven.freenode.net
Sonicblaze,nat/redhat/x-exubdpquvjsbeiga,Chris Roberts,wilhelm.freenode.net
yawkat,cats.coffee,Jonas Konrad,wilhelm.freenode.net
iamtew,stupid.systems,Mikael,weber.freenode.net
Condoulo,twil/staff/condoulo,Tyler,leguin.freenode.net
r04r,unaffiliated/r04r,r04r,asimov.freenode.net
sigtrm,quassel.woboq.de,sigtrm,wolfe.freenode.net
nonlinear,unaffiliated/discrttm,Matthew Wishek,hitchcock.freenode.net
thrasibule,2607:5300:60:2391::1,Guillaume Horel,wolfe.freenode.net
vincent___,2001:41d0:8:31c::1,Vincent,wilhelm.freenode.net
olus,digitalapathy.net,No salvation.  No forgiveness.,karatkievich.freenode.net
emmental,2a02:7aa0:1619::7ec2:2a2b,ian,niven.freenode.net
sungami,unaffiliated/sungami,sungami,wolfe.freenode.net
Raptor8m3,24.35.64.41,Tarik Sturm,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hpbretz,hermes.zeuthen.desy.de,Hans-Peter Bretz,2L/13,7284,none,verne.freenode.net
myoung,nat/redhat/x-mcdkekqzzdmaxbbz,Matt Young,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Ralesk,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe93:ee51,Ralesk,adams.freenode.net
defor,173-10-138-122-BusName-washingtonDC.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,defor,asimov.freenode.net
sven^,unaffiliated/sven/x-8293843,Quassel IRC User,hitchcock.freenode.net
chrustler,94-137-110-36.customers.ownit.se,chrustler,sinisalo.freenode.net
halinaae_,nat/digia/x-wtynekvsmhbviinh,Hanne Linaae,niven.freenode.net
sli_,82.108.130.3,suiyi,adams.freenode.net
eHug_,2a01:4f8:212:1de5::2,eHug,niven.freenode.net
Haroon,hqraja.com,Haroon Q. Raja,wolfe.freenode.net
CGML,unaffiliated/cgml,CGML,barjavel.freenode.net
MilesKjeller,irc.fox.scot,Miles Kjeller,wilhelm.freenode.net
ArneKlein,testserver.lksoft.net,Arne Klein,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Narwhaal,188.166.150.103,gear4,barjavel.freenode.net
madmattco,quassel.madboxes.cc,mattco,card.freenode.net
Fish-Face,fishface.org.uk,Chris,karatkievich.freenode.net
nibbler_,geekbox.info,sven,,,,weber.freenode.net
johu,gentoo/developer/johu,Johannes Huber,hitchcock.freenode.net
debfx,fobos.de,Felix Geyer,card.freenode.net
audioPhil,unaffiliated/audiophil1,audioPhil,niven.freenode.net
NullOverflow,45.55.3.164,NullOverflow,niven.freenode.net
clu5ter,unaffiliated/clu5ter,In The Beginning... Was The Command Line,leguin.freenode.net
naraku9333,unaffiliated/naraku9333,Sean,karatkievich.freenode.net
clonak,101.53.196.191,clonak,orwell.freenode.net
antonizoon_,47.147.16.62,Antonizoon,weber.freenode.net
Gora_Uta,ns397570.ip-151-80-40.eu,Gora Uta,sinisalo.freenode.net
testuser123,tr-v851-hadi-gate.scc.kit.edu,Quassel IRC User,barjavel.freenode.net
Flanker,gyro.tech,Flanker,niven.freenode.net
ddboline,pool-100-12-171-230.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,Daniel Boline,karatkievich.freenode.net
Guest37393,frag.co.uk,Dug,wolfe.freenode.net
lankanmon,2607:fea8:d20:239:c186:4baf:fe97:aa7e,lankanmon,karatkievich.freenode.net
siinus`,suht.kahtlane.info,Endel-Manivald Kolmjalg Nurgadiivan,karatkievich.freenode.net
Beagon,mew.bitbukket.com,Robin De Vries,adams.freenode.net
mgaare,75.127.15.55,Michael Gaare,orwell.freenode.net
giraffe,gateway/shell/firrre/x-priqdhkweggqsqus,skarn,asimov.freenode.net
Demos,2601:400:8000:3de3:a01e:31ff:8ed1:1284,Charles Barto,karatkievich.freenode.net
marens,unaffiliated/marens,Marc Arens,card.freenode.net
rafaelmartins,gentoo/developer/rafaelmartins,Rafael G. Martins,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Jordy,unaffiliated/jordy,Jordy,wilhelm.freenode.net
kismetg17_,45.55.45.18,kismetg17,verne.freenode.net
chowbok,207-181-255-76.c3-0.lem-ubr1.chi-lem.il.cable.rcn.com,??? ????????,leguin.freenode.net
javi404,pool-173-54-171-104.nwrknj.fios.verizon.net,javi404,orwell.freenode.net
ezakimak,dominologic.com,IRC User,verne.freenode.net
Tori_Ooka,pool-108-30-48-43.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,Tori_Ooka,kornbluth.freenode.net
ColtonDRG,derpyhooves.xyz,Colton DRG,asimov.freenode.net
Criamo_Off,ip5f5b1017.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,Criamos,tepper.freenode.net
samuelharden,23.226.229.106,Gaurav Arora,asimov.freenode.net
traxo,static.21.81.9.5.clients.your-server.de,traxo,card.freenode.net
oberstein,2605:6400:20:748::ddee:deee,uhoh,wilhelm.freenode.net
bauerj,unaffiliated/bauerj,bauerj,wilhelm.freenode.net
SkyGunner,gyro.tech,SkyGunner,orwell.freenode.net
ipsecguy,dslb-092-073-021-138.092.073.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Andreas,tepper.freenode.net
gluc_,19.140.77.83.dynamic.wline.res.cust.swisscom.ch,Luc Girod,weber.freenode.net
Kali-,cyanogenmod/lead/Kali-,Giulio Cervera,leguin.freenode.net
Guest94621,2606:df00:3:0:216:3cff:fe68:30d9,binaryatrocity,wilhelm.freenode.net
Gentle,quassel/contributors/gentle,Ramon Klass,wilhelm.freenode.net
dire,168.235.80.37,dire,card.freenode.net
nethershaw,unaffiliated/nethershaw,ora pro pluvis.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mawnkey,c-69-247-120-7.hsd1.ms.comcast.net,mawnkey,wilhelm.freenode.net
Dunearhp,60-242-111-133.tpgi.com.au,Matthew Sellers,tepper.freenode.net
pgr,nat.haverhillcoop.net,Paul R,card.freenode.net
amiconn,rockbox/developer/amiconn,Jens,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ScratchMonkey,2601:644:1:230d:a942:df8b:ae66:da84,ScratchMonkey,karatkievich.freenode.net
martian67,about/linux/regular/martian67,martian67,sinisalo.freenode.net
buumi_,ec2-54-93-115-167.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com,jorik,verne.freenode.net
RushPL,2a01:4f8:172:1413::2,Damian Kaczmarek,niven.freenode.net
taurus17,client-resel-2.enst-bretagne.fr,ahoussais,karatkievich.freenode.net
chithead,gentoo/developer/chithanh,Ch�-Thanh Christopher Nguy?n,sinisalo.freenode.net
valerius,2a01:4f8:d16:2052::2,Valery V. Sedletski,wolfe.freenode.net
josspyker,unaffiliated/josspyker,josspyker,karatkievich.freenode.net
MrAlexandr0,43.232.251.212.customer.cdi.no,Alexander K,barjavel.freenode.net
phh,2001:41d0:2:126c::,Pierre-Hugues Husson,karatkievich.freenode.net
vidplace7,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kdegbaljbplgpxld,vid,wolfe.freenode.net
arshesney,93-50-200-186.ip154.fastwebnet.it,Diego,orwell.freenode.net
cebruns,134.134.137.75,Curt E Bruns,card.freenode.net
cebruns_,198.199.112.226,Curt E Bruns,asimov.freenode.net
esh,minnesota.heebs.ch,Elmar Heeb,wilhelm.freenode.net
naderman,phpbb/manager/naderman,Nils Adermann,tepper.freenode.net
Isarra,wikimedia/Isarra,A tent full of grasshoppers,barjavel.freenode.net
Shae,dc.esilibrary.com,Shae,hitchcock.freenode.net
_KaszpiR_,unaffiliated/kaszpir/x-3157048,_KaszpiR_,wolfe.freenode.net
razu_,213.184.51.146,razu,card.freenode.net
devster31,2001:41d0:1:a3af::1,devsterknight,wolfe.freenode.net
veithm,212.118.206.70,martin.veith,karatkievich.freenode.net
_fortis,static.141.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,fortis,wilhelm.freenode.net
fus,dev.rozestwinski.com,Rafal,wolfe.freenode.net
glasspelican,stanley.glasspelican.ca,glasspelican,adams.freenode.net
Disconsented,disconsented.com,James,niven.freenode.net
kupaul,2001:41d0:1008:5b3::,kupaul,wilhelm.freenode.net
kukacz,172.99.70.215,Luk�? Kub�n,orwell.freenode.net
Frew_,95.85.33.87,Frew,card.freenode.net
[KS],gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-lodxzhkkjmbdoaxl,Using EliteBNC, I'm part of the elite!,wilhelm.freenode.net
Calinou,unaffiliated/calinou,Calinou,hitchcock.freenode.net
mschiff,gentoo/developer/mschiff,Marc Schiffbauer,niven.freenode.net
Ascathon,2a01:7c8:aac0:4e:8c97:4bb4:718:2e26,Ascathon,adams.freenode.net
AndreSomers,quassel.woboq.de,Andr� Somers,tepper.freenode.net
GekkePrutser,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-owxvwlmvujxctxui,Gekke Prutser,tepper.freenode.net
kreepy,ows-157-250-39-218.us-east-1.compute.outscale.com,kreepy,weber.freenode.net
subthalamus,bou57-1-78-247-40-105.fbx.proxad.net,subthalamus,wolfe.freenode.net
DogHackit,2605:e000:1117:8043:ba27:ebff:fedb:ba9f,Dog Hackit,wilhelm.freenode.net
Jaska_,2001:41d0:52:100::15a7,Jaska,karatkievich.freenode.net
Hazelesque,lopsa/member/hazelesque,Hazel,verne.freenode.net
lau,unaffiliated/lau,lau,wilhelm.freenode.net
Vauff,vauff.me,Vauff,rajaniemi.freenode.net
blackdog476,2a01:4f8:210:20ca::2,blackdog476,adams.freenode.net
TeLLie,92.109.51.183,Tellie,wolfe.freenode.net
hobbyquaker,ccu.io,hobbyquaker,asimov.freenode.net
LilleCarl,ip201.ip-87-98-159.eu,LilleCarl,sinisalo.freenode.net
bobey6,dialup-208-47-125-33.res.monar.ch,bobey6,asimov.freenode.net
Lejoni,c-83-233-2-241.cust.bredband2.com,Lejoni,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Amt,bagers.net,Amt,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sph,212.114.109.121,sph,sinisalo.freenode.net
endocoder_,test.endocode.com,Mirko Boehm - Endocode,adams.freenode.net
rashma_away,52.160.96.183,Rashma Kumaran,karatkievich.freenode.net
godlike,unaffiliated/godlike,godlike,wilhelm.freenode.net
Guest57073,msh.linsomniac.com,bill,wolfe.freenode.net
ashaman,static-72-82-151-130.cmdnnj.fios.verizon.net,Asha'man,kornbluth.freenode.net
Taggnostr,host95-6-dynamic.50-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,Ezio Melotti,card.freenode.net
GrecKo,195-154-253-46.rev.poneytelecom.eu,GrecKo,adams.freenode.net
MRiddickW,71-14-142-242.dhcp.ftwo.tx.charter.com,Matt,tepper.freenode.net
Mek,kde/mkruisselbrink,Marijn Kruisselbrink,verne.freenode.net
roxer,q.netatonce.net,Victor,wolfe.freenode.net
Deiz,unaffiliated/deiz,swh,asimov.freenode.net
Valence,80.78.218.13,Valence,tepper.freenode.net
disi,c-76-104-201-218.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,David Tucker,hitchcock.freenode.net
KnownSyntax,unaffiliated/knownsyntax,KnownSyntax,wolfe.freenode.net
ZeiP,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe73:fd27,Jyri-Petteri Paloposki,niven.freenode.net
sikander,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::1f1d:d001,Sikander,adams.freenode.net
differentreality,opensuse/member/differentreality,Stella,adams.freenode.net
miklcct,server.miklcct.csproject.org,Michael Tsang,karatkievich.freenode.net
benwaffle,2604:a880:0:1010::5b:9001,Ben,wilhelm.freenode.net
DjMadness,pdpc/supporter/student/DjMadness,Christopher Moore,wolfe.freenode.net
another_clue,185.53.128.175,another_clue,tepper.freenode.net
Andocromn,173-166-116-210-newengland.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,Andocromn,tepper.freenode.net
Hamada,192.241.125.44,Hamada,verne.freenode.net
spectranaut,192.34.86.39,Valerie R Young,verne.freenode.net
xybol,72.49.246.234,brian,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Bigcheese,unaffiliated/bigcheese,Bigcheese,wilhelm.freenode.net
Kelsar,unaffiliated/kelsar,Kelsar,sinisalo.freenode.net
el8__,2001:41d0:d:364d::1,h0y,wilhelm.freenode.net
brokensyntax,45.62.240.131,brokensyntax,weber.freenode.net
niekie,unaffiliated/niek,Niek Bergman,card.freenode.net
zkxs,ip98-179-236-93.tu.ok.cox.net,Michael,niven.freenode.net
Oeli,2001:41d0:2:5369::,Oeli,wilhelm.freenode.net
thhartma,nat/qt/x-vwuzsjrsbfmuuzoa,Thomas Hartmann,asimov.freenode.net
Sjors,bulbasaur.sjorsgielen.nl,Sjors Gielen,niven.freenode.net
salamanderrake,2605:a000:1229:c036:e1e7:7a87:804c:9aaa,Salamander Purake,wolfe.freenode.net
Haudegen,85-124-51-57.static.upcbusiness.at,AP,,,,barjavel.freenode.net
gmeszaros,199.35.213.162.lcy-02.canonistack.canonical.com,Gábor Mészáros,asimov.freenode.net
kwmonroe,187.34.213.162.lcy-01.canonistack.canonical.com,Kevin W Monroe,orwell.freenode.net
opicron,213.197.58.103,opicron,karatkievich.freenode.net
pitastrudl,unaffiliated/pitastrudl,pitastrudl,wilhelm.freenode.net
theaetetus,unaffiliated/theaetetus,theaetetus,tepper.freenode.net
Artek,host-213-5-210-87.wtvk.pl,Artek,leguin.freenode.net
optiz0r,higgins.sihnon.net,optiz0r,asimov.freenode.net
phon,quassel/developer/phon,phon - Quassel IRC User,orwell.freenode.net
hays,fsf/member/hays,Steven Hay,adams.freenode.net
Smjert,unaffiliated/smjert,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
urth,2a00:8080:10:148:9017:2cff:fe26:adf0,Urth,sinisalo.freenode.net
nobbert,2a01:4f8:101:34c5::2,S�nke Liebau,niven.freenode.net
alextai,188.120.133.186,AlexTAI,niven.freenode.net
Alternity,unaffiliated/tinycat,Alternity,karatkievich.freenode.net
pcdummy,unaffiliated/pcdummy,pcdummy,,,,wilhelm.freenode.net
plp,46.101.142.139,plp,orwell.freenode.net
Vincent_,2a02:a452:8716:1:be5f:f4ff:fe6f:31ef,Vincent van Houten,sinisalo.freenode.net
acyclical_,ec2-107-20-186-92.compute-1.amazonaws.com,mer,adams.freenode.net
debdog,2a02:8070:45c2:e600:7a24:afff:fe8a:d04d,Wowbagger,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sput,quassel/developer/sput,Sputnick -- http://quassel-irc.org,orwell.freenode.net
Nix,uluru.peternixon.net,Nix,niven.freenode.net
MelissaHT,download.laptop.org,MHenriquez,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jcallen_,gentoo/developer/jcallen,Jonathan Callen,niven.freenode.net
jhollis,75.76.132.82,Jeff Hollis,tepper.freenode.net
dboehmer,p5DD9F877.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Daniel B�hmer,,,,wilhelm.freenode.net
Cloned_Searos,pool-108-35-240-148.nwrknj.fios.verizon.net,Cloned_Searos,tepper.freenode.net
sc0tty8,unaffiliated/sc0tty8,sc0tty8,card.freenode.net
SKUZ-ee,pool-108-29-87-183.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,Frank,card.freenode.net
berkay,unaffiliated/berkay,Berkay Cagir,adams.freenode.net
BernadetteSpiele,gateway/shell/catrobat/x-ybtyqhhlhrzgyuhy,BernadetteSpieler,adams.freenode.net
jgeboski,unaffiliated/jgeboski,jgeboski,orwell.freenode.net
hecliunyx,45.63.76.107,hecliunyx,leguin.freenode.net
mohsinbarkat,216.139.200.70,Mohsin Barkat,niven.freenode.net
ralsina,192.241.197.159,Roberto Alsina,niven.freenode.net
holdsworth,unaffiliated/holdsworth,holdsworth,wilhelm.freenode.net
vectr0n|cloud,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-njdlogegzaaiagdd,Ken,barjavel.freenode.net
shakalaka,ec2-52-52-27-0.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,shakalaka,barjavel.freenode.net
bilbo_b,ip-109-91-200-71.hsi12.unitymediagroup.de,Bilbo Baggins,orwell.freenode.net
brot,quassel/contributors/brot,brot,weber.freenode.net
camick,nat/google/x-bofyxkyvwqzeadni,camick,rajaniemi.freenode.net
[cave],boxacle.net,CAVEMAN,barjavel.freenode.net
jeff___,mo-71-0-218-211.dhcp.embarqhsd.net,zzz,niven.freenode.net
FlorianSchneider,gateway/shell/catrobat/x-slkclumvrcxryeox,FlorianSchneider,asimov.freenode.net
moo-_-,lakka.kapsi.fi,Mikko Ohtamaa http://opensourcehacker.com,karatkievich.freenode.net
G-virt,unaffiliated/g-virt,Gareth,sinisalo.freenode.net
tormoz,178.124.197.101,geov,weber.freenode.net
freak__,p5796D497.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Quassel-IRC-Benutzer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Kenji,188.226.246.228,Kenji,barjavel.freenode.net
ScottK,ubuntu/member/scottk,Scott Kitterman,wolfe.freenode.net
Roelke,103.219.22.15,Roel Driessens,hitchcock.freenode.net
Peetz0r,217-19-26-76.dsl.cambrium.nl,Peter,karatkievich.freenode.net
JoldWebb,cpe-173-89-60-145.wi.res.rr.com,Jold Webb,tepper.freenode.net
Zren,bas3-guelph22-65-92-33-76.dsl.bell.ca,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
wolfgang-b,ppp-188-174-170-195.dynamic.mnet-online.de,Wolfgang Bremer,asimov.freenode.net
tanuki,68-200-133-146.res.bhn.net,Benjamin Geiger,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Crazy_Hopper,speedtest.volia.net,Eugene Paskevich,weber.freenode.net
Axel_H,unaffiliated/durand,Axel,wolfe.freenode.net
kuromagi,blackmage.org,Black Mage,wilhelm.freenode.net
Bombe,freenet/developer/Bombe,David ‘Bombe’ Roden,kornbluth.freenode.net
tarocco,180.ip-158-69-221.net,tarocco,asimov.freenode.net
ghouston,ganymede.alpha.gladserv.net,Quassel IRC User,wilhelm.freenode.net
javier,opensuse/member/javierllorente,Javier Llorente,karatkievich.freenode.net
Balthazar,unaffiliated/balthazar,Bob,niven.freenode.net
irsol,unaffiliated/contempt,irsol,adams.freenode.net
ephemer0l,unaffiliated/ephemer0l,ephemer0l,wilhelm.freenode.net
dvoid,81.231.137.44,dvoid,wilhelm.freenode.net
qws-user-1228,cpe-76-181-123-141.columbus.res.rr.com,qws-user-1228,niven.freenode.net
MJD,scadrial.mjdsystems.ca,Matthew,wilhelm.freenode.net
darthdeus,catsocket.com,darthdeus,adams.freenode.net
kinlo,unaffiliated/kinlo,Peter,adams.freenode.net
Igel,cjdns.io,Frei wie ein Igel,asimov.freenode.net
arti,arti.ee,Arti Zirk,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rikai,unaffiliated/rikai,rikai,niven.freenode.net
pocketprotector,unaffiliated/pocketprotector,* I'm not to lame to read BitchX.doc *,niven.freenode.net
Gnubie__,gp.chris-kelly.net,*,asimov.freenode.net
rthompson,209.134.95.37,Ryan C. Thompson,adams.freenode.net
Puffball,cm-dhcp-173-46-250-185.bloombroadband.com,Jason Hicks,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nadley,vel78-2-82-243-104-234.fbx.proxad.net,nadley,,,,hitchcock.freenode.net
bl4ckscor3,vauff.me,bl4ck scor3,weber.freenode.net
dadrc,unaffiliated/dadrc,dadrc,kornbluth.freenode.net
suy,78.47.119.89,Alejandro Exojo,hitchcock.freenode.net
butterfly,unaffiliated/butterfly,Sebastian Klein,niven.freenode.net
storefish,69.90.132.5,storefish,hitchcock.freenode.net
Cajs,cajs.staff.yourbnc.co.uk,Cajs,orwell.freenode.net
Arthas_,2001:41d0:1008:5b3::,Felix,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sedo,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::12f:8001,Manuel Thallinger,niven.freenode.net
deanforbes,irc.wanke.rs,Dean,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Guest82130,schmitthenner.eu,Quassel IRC User,verne.freenode.net
yury,192.131.110.4,yury,card.freenode.net
jtopian,nebulosa.jtopia.org,JT,karatkievich.freenode.net
kevank,freenode/sponsor/kevank,Kevan Kay,niven.freenode.net
camerin,elite.bshellz.net,camerin,hitchcock.freenode.net
ShaRose,i.am.sharo.se,ShaRose,hitchcock.freenode.net
pfoo,unaffiliated/pfoo,chaos monkey daemon - the pute killer,wolfe.freenode.net
LongSchlong,irc.wanke.rs,padski,rajaniemi.freenode.net
justincohen,nat/google/x-nakanrcysvkvknev,Justin Cohen,verne.freenode.net
HappyMan,unaffiliated/happy-man/x-8265804,HappyMan,card.freenode.net
MarcTheYogurtGuy,london.acm.jhu.edu,Marc Rosen,wilhelm.freenode.net
yofel,ubuntu/member/yofel,Philip Muskovac,niven.freenode.net
boshhead,unaffiliated/boshhead,boshhead,karatkievich.freenode.net
Aexoden,sol.calindora.com,Jason Lynch,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bobwya,host-92-25-70-11.as13285.net,Robert Walker,hitchcock.freenode.net
inetpro,unaffiliated/hibana,Gustav H Meyer,barjavel.freenode.net
bb10,unaffiliated/bb10,bb10,wilhelm.freenode.net
joelpet,fsf/member/joelpet,joelpet,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Amplificator,unaffiliated/amplificator,quassel,wilhelm.freenode.net
romibi,unaffiliated/romibi,romibi,sinisalo.freenode.net
E-werd,unaffiliated/e-werd,E-werd,tepper.freenode.net
sjefen6,77.222.223.213,Vegard,card.freenode.net
cchao_,nat/digia/x-ovetfxokubptzvye,cchao,wolfe.freenode.net
JoshW_,unaffiliated/joshwambua,Joseph Joshua,niven.freenode.net
voker57,kvirc/developer/Voker57,Voker57,niven.freenode.net
OurRoyalGabe,apollo.corbe.net,Gabe,wilhelm.freenode.net
kiranos,109.74.11.233,Stefan Eriksson,orwell.freenode.net
shadik,cicolina.org,Shade,orwell.freenode.net
Ugruv,cpe-188-252-143-124.zg5.cable.xnet.hr,Ugruv,barjavel.freenode.net
MeanderingCode,palantir.aetherislands.net,MeanderingCode,card.freenode.net
EricK,unaffiliated/erick,EricK,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zeroedout,69.172.153.167,Alishams Hassam,adams.freenode.net
R-Z_,91-158-63-13.elisa-laajakaista.fi,R-Z,wolfe.freenode.net
ypnos,lme51.informatik.uni-erlangen.de,Johannes Jordan,card.freenode.net
Timppa-,2001:41d0:52:100::15a7,Timo Pikkarainen,karatkievich.freenode.net
klaus76_,pikachu.piratenpartei.at,klaus76,hitchcock.freenode.net
n0cturnal,2401:1400:1:1201:ed39:b31:4eb0:30f9,n0c,rajaniemi.freenode.net
xCore,unaffiliated/xc0r3,xCore,adams.freenode.net
CommunistWitchDr,97-87-177-85.dhcp.stls.mo.charter.com,Mitchell Hale,karatkievich.freenode.net
dan-,freenode/corporate-sponsor/privateinternetaccess.com/doaks,Nyan nyan,sinisalo.freenode.net
Pebby,184-23-11-216.dsl.dynamic.fusionbroadband.com,Pebby,asimov.freenode.net
Requit,104.131.156.232,admin,verne.freenode.net
Gallomimia,ec2-54-186-77-228.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Gallomimia,hitchcock.freenode.net
LauraMeriusva,mustang.drunkenhorse.org,Laura Meriusva,asimov.freenode.net
bengan,ivan.widell.net,Bengt Gorden,card.freenode.net
Dash_Merc,162.243.110.48,Dash_Merc,asimov.freenode.net
knight_,shredder.phunc.com,Alex Knight,wilhelm.freenode.net
mitemite,134.ip-164-132-227.eu,Mitey Mite,tepper.freenode.net
forvelin,95.85.8.73,forvelin,adams.freenode.net
Guest69691,lillevik.pw,Storesau,wolfe.freenode.net
Kipe_,hilla.kapsi.fi,Kimmo Huoman,wolfe.freenode.net
smithbone,owl.laptop.org,Richard Smith,rajaniemi.freenode.net
edong23,mptc-dhcp-50-50.mptelco.com,edong23,weber.freenode.net
zerd,bat.slash.no,Henrik Nordvik,orwell.freenode.net
kode54,losno.co,Christopher Snowhill,card.freenode.net
TheForresterForT,gp.chris-kelly.net,Michael,leguin.freenode.net
CheckYourSix,unaffiliated/checkyoursix,CheckYourSix,karatkievich.freenode.net
pskosinski,gateway/shell/mydevil.net/x-pgvvhhsxyfkwvunl,pskosinski.pl,weber.freenode.net
floppym,gentoo/developer/floppym,Mike Gilbert,adams.freenode.net
MsLisa,troth.outerworld.org,Lisa,tepper.freenode.net
ercool_,2001:41d0:2:126c::,ercool,karatkievich.freenode.net
forvelin_,hap4.kyla.fi,forvelin,wolfe.freenode.net
Firespike33,184.101.113.169,Firespike33,hitchcock.freenode.net
oldlaptop,162.247.150.37,oldlaptop,verne.freenode.net
k1000,55.ip-198-50-149.net,Camille Gillot,wolfe.freenode.net
qryantm_,wsip-98-180-228-164.lv.lv.cox.net,Ryan Mulligan,sinisalo.freenode.net
_wizard_,unaffiliated/wizard/x-5212084,The wizard of Oz!,barjavel.freenode.net
springermac,172.77.241.116,Jonathan Springer,tepper.freenode.net
WondererQ,geforcepower.plus.com,WondererQ,orwell.freenode.net
dumle29,107.161.172.35,candy,barjavel.freenode.net
Mudboy,50.35.118.158,Steve Dalberg,hitchcock.freenode.net
raccoon-,irchelp/raccoon,Keeper Of The Keys.,adams.freenode.net
UnoPolak,2606:df00:3:0:216:3cff:fe68:30d9,Uno Polak,karatkievich.freenode.net
fxrh,gateway/shell/uberspace.de/x-xlxvbirwgmahlmqa,fxrh,wolfe.freenode.net
kier,cpc72373-sotn14-2-0-cust787.15-1.cable.virginm.net,Kier,wilhelm.freenode.net
the_nic,2a01:4f8:171:e02::6,Nicolas,niven.freenode.net
jefferai,kde/mitchell,Jeff Mitchell,barjavel.freenode.net
arfonzo,2a03:b0c0:1:a1::54f:1001,arfonzo,niven.freenode.net
rosch,nat/qt/x-oysrifsrhymjjkya,Nils Christian Roscher-Nielsen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Theowning,unaffiliated/theowning,Theowning,card.freenode.net
stohun,76.21.149.122.sta.dodo.net.au,stohun,leguin.freenode.net
chronos,unaffiliated/chronos,Felipe Prenholato,asimov.freenode.net
FalkHe,s01.falkhermann.de,Falk H.,adams.freenode.net
superminor2,2607:5300:60:1b63::1,super,wolfe.freenode.net
andoma,zebes.lonelycoder.com,Andreas Smas,tepper.freenode.net
Laogeodritt,wikipedia/Laogeodritt,Laogeodritt,karatkievich.freenode.net
HenryG,180.ip-158-69-198.net,Henry Gessau,rajaniemi.freenode.net
skomorokh,unaffiliated/skomorokh,skomorokh,niven.freenode.net
futex_,sie57-h01-176-128-148-93.dsl.sta.abo.bbox.fr,futex,,,,weber.freenode.net
PathFinder_,89-27-85-56.bb.dnainternet.fi,PathFinder,leguin.freenode.net
radiofree,unaffiliated/radiofree,radiofree,niven.freenode.net
insurgent_,mx.hpcfactor.com,Joe Cool,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nullr0ute,84-245-42-224.dsl.cambrium.nl,Nick,karatkievich.freenode.net
Hobbyboy,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-fqbyrfcjevawlgcx,Andrew,adams.freenode.net
Ikri,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe70:660c,whygaard,karatkievich.freenode.net
genius3000,unaffiliated/genius3000,genius3000,adams.freenode.net
kensington,gentoo/developer/kensington,kensington,roddenberry.freenode.net
ktosiek,108.61.166.51,Tomasz Kontusz,card.freenode.net
giucam,qt/giucam,Giulio Camuffo,wolfe.freenode.net
eregon,2001:41d0:401:3000::29e4,Benoit Daloze,wilhelm.freenode.net
shocklateboy92,216.243.55.75,Lasath,verne.freenode.net
][_R_][,node-1w7jra26ntvy16aoepgj82ta3.ipv6.telus.net,Faym F,karatkievich.freenode.net
DWizzy_,magoun.kallisti.net.nz,Joris,verne.freenode.net
AAA_awright,ns4001783.ip-198-100-144.net,A Cubed A Right,adams.freenode.net
AnnemarieHarzl,gateway/shell/catrobat/x-frwnjihwehsjchjn,AnnemarieHarzl,asimov.freenode.net
ludocode,24-246-0-251.cable.teksavvy.com,ludocode,adams.freenode.net
buzo,unaffiliated/buzo,buzo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Pixa,cumulus.pixa.org.uk,Nicholas,wolfe.freenode.net
kolobyte,unaffiliated/kolobyte,kolobyte,weber.freenode.net
wook_,195.174.180.237,wook,weber.freenode.net
RangerRick,cpe-2606-A000-45C2-6901-82EE-73FF-FE9F-967E.dyn6.twc.com,Benjamin Reed,karatkievich.freenode.net
toothstone_,x1541a.wh7.tu-dresden.de,toothstone,verne.freenode.net
APTX,unaffiliated/aptx,APTX,karatkievich.freenode.net
dilfridge,gentoo/developer/dilfridge,Andreas K. Huettel,karatkievich.freenode.net
vectr0n,unaffiliated/vectr0n,Ken,orwell.freenode.net
pescobar,unaffiliated/pescobar,pescobar,barjavel.freenode.net
Dykam,2a03:b0c0:0:1010::da:5001,Dykam,niven.freenode.net
FiftyOneFifty,159.203.105.139,Donald Grier,orwell.freenode.net
jasticE,pool-173-48-116-49.bstnma.fios.verizon.net,jast,hitchcock.freenode.net
TerrorBite,quassel.lethargiclion.net,TerrorBite,barjavel.freenode.net
Guest8350,v2.smuckola.org,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
Nascher,saturn.nascher.org,Kevin,sinisalo.freenode.net
LaserAllan_,campnorthernlight.com,Got ZNC?,verne.freenode.net
sageinventor,163.172.160.165,unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kopptr,vmi86942.contabo.host,trk,card.freenode.net
szagul,keller-server.de,Quassel IRC User,card.freenode.net
MartinPrinz,gateway/shell/catrobat/x-ofqzrahlkfmyoqrc,MartinPrinz,card.freenode.net
guruz,amide.woboq.im,Markus Goetz,barjavel.freenode.net
ssidhu,2a00:1a48:7807:102:be76:4eff:fe08:47ce,Sandeep Sidhu,niven.freenode.net
devil_,2a01:238:43b2:2300:4074:d967:4ee0:f1ca,,,,,adams.freenode.net
ulili,p5DD71FB8.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,uli,wilhelm.freenode.net
Xe,infoforcefeed/Xe,Xe,weber.freenode.net
LorDarK,186.188.2.201,LorDarK,adams.freenode.net
barzi,drone.xulepth.fr,barzi,orwell.freenode.net
BruceS,help.6lhasa.com,Stupid,wilhelm.freenode.net
neferty,2a01:4f8:212:2756::2,andor,niven.freenode.net
sgeerts,2a00:8080:10:148:9017:2cff:fe26:adf0,s-geerts,sinisalo.freenode.net
Seji,quassel.woboq.com,Seji,wolfe.freenode.net
afx237,107.170.10.178,c'mon you cunt, lets have some aphex acid,verne.freenode.net
rellig,minad.de,rellig,kornbluth.freenode.net
Nevolution,2001:41d0:1008:5b3::,user,wilhelm.freenode.net
squeakyneb,bennym.net,bennym,verne.freenode.net
Brekkjern,31.187.71.242,Brekkjern,weber.freenode.net
gimmic,unaffiliated/gimmic,gimmic,barjavel.freenode.net
KingJ,2001:41d0:2:8f36:1::1,KJ,rajaniemi.freenode.net
TinFoil,unaffiliated/tinfoil,TinFoil,wilhelm.freenode.net
whitekidney,33.232.34.95.customer.cdi.no,cf,wolfe.freenode.net
xnite,data.irc-source.com,Robert Whitney <xnite@xnite.me>,wilhelm.freenode.net
Doctors,disconsented.com,Benjamin H.,orwell.freenode.net
Kalimerab,2a03:b0c0:1:d0::d0:b001,Kalimera,niven.freenode.net
cloakable_,cpc87219-aztw31-2-0-cust20.18-1.cable.virginm.net,cloakable,karatkievich.freenode.net
spaceghost,unaffiliated/spaceghost,MP,wolfe.freenode.net
stonor,94.18.237.138,Anton Stonor,wolfe.freenode.net
jotik,unaffiliated/jotik,J,karatkievich.freenode.net
legoktm,wikipedia/Legoktm,legoktm,karatkievich.freenode.net
scj643,scj.theender.net,scj643,orwell.freenode.net
joren,174-25-138-137.ptld.qwest.net,Joren Love,,,,,barjavel.freenode.net
athaller,1.rz17.hetzner.thaller.ws,Alexander Thaller,adams.freenode.net
mamarley,unaffiliated/mamarley,Michael Marley,leguin.freenode.net
teamj,45.55.188.27,teamj,sinisalo.freenode.net
tokorpip,nat/qt/x-mgacmwuuhnlzdbym,Tomi Korpip��,asimov.freenode.net
powerdan,2a01:4f8:191:93e8::2,powerdan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Akufen,unaffiliated/akufen,Akufen,card.freenode.net
Gnarfoz,WoWUIDev/WowAce/Gnarfoz,Christian Wiese,niven.freenode.net
unruly1,173-19-172-84.client.mchsi.com,unruly1,hitchcock.freenode.net
keedog,73.123.164.82.customer.cdi.no,keedog,adams.freenode.net
xelra,unaffiliated/xelra,Xel'Ra,adams.freenode.net
hinst,109.172.25.153,hinst,card.freenode.net
Napsterbater_,unaffiliated/napsterbater,Napsterbater,karatkievich.freenode.net
valczir,172.97.103.73,Quassel IRC User,hitchcock.freenode.net
jedix_,mumble.jdsv.de,Jens D.,sinisalo.freenode.net
matanya,wikimedia/matanya,Matanya,wolfe.freenode.net
namron,37.48.80.94,norman,wolfe.freenode.net
Dr-Shadow,unaffiliated/dr-shadow,|,barjavel.freenode.net
Sam___,london.acm.jhu.edu,Samuel Beckley,orwell.freenode.net
Alam_Squeeze,rigginstereo.lawarias.srb2.org,Alam Arias,karatkievich.freenode.net
vedm,liotev.com,Dimitre Liotev,wilhelm.freenode.net
Kurocon,cloudchaser.student.utwente.nl,Kevin Alberts,orwell.freenode.net
friedrich,aextron.de,friedrich,sinisalo.freenode.net
Datafreak,HSI-KBW-085-216-079-194.hsi.kabelbw.de,Datafreak,card.freenode.net
digitalcircuit,2605:6000:1518:8027:ec4:7aff:fe6b:c6b0,Shane,wolfe.freenode.net
fl0aker,104.254.92.93,moakerpdl,wolfe.freenode.net
CyberMew,138.75.165.178,CyberMew,barjavel.freenode.net
juli_,pikachu.piratenpartei.at,juli,card.freenode.net
superfly,openlp/developer/superfly,Raoul Snyman,adams.freenode.net
eternnoir,64.137.181.138,eternnoir,karatkievich.freenode.net
justJanne,kuschku.de,Janne Koschinski: https://kuschku.de/,wilhelm.freenode.net
Jammerx2,bnc.jammerx2.net,Josh,wolfe.freenode.net
shootbird,beepbeep.serverpit.com,shootbird,niven.freenode.net
musca,tyrael.eu,musca,karatkievich.freenode.net
bboles,2607:fcd0:100:8300:1c::a3ed,Brandon Boles,leguin.freenode.net
jpabq,mythtv/developer/jpabq,John Patrick Poet,hitchcock.freenode.net
limbo_,golden.god.jp,DB Cooper,asimov.freenode.net
darmok,akar.errtu.de,Lars Heiermann,adams.freenode.net
yosafbridge,68.ip-149-56-14.net,yosafbridge,orwell.freenode.net
Schrotti,2a03:4000:5:112::1,Michael,niven.freenode.net
Nick-C,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe93:58d,Nick-C,niven.freenode.net
alok,unaffiliated/alok,alok,card.freenode.net
Guest1764,173-163-16-94.dyn.cable.fcom.ch,Larry,card.freenode.net
am0nrahx,unaffiliated/am0nrahx,am0nrahx,sinisalo.freenode.net
mivaho,2001:983:eeb4:1:c0de:69ff:fe2f:5599,mivaho,karatkievich.freenode.net
endocoder,prod.endocode.com,Mirko Boehm - Endocode,wilhelm.freenode.net
janih,ns3051846.ip-37-187-134.eu,Jani Hautakangas,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Technostar,cpe-72-230-173-5.rochester.res.rr.com,Techno,weber.freenode.net
Zephy,gyro.tech,Zephyrus,adams.freenode.net
M0UL,unaffiliated/m0ul,M0UL,wolfe.freenode.net
Ven,unaffiliated/venaax,v3n44x,leguin.freenode.net
Canucktux,vps.azend.org,N K,niven.freenode.net
alexf,staff.linode.com,Alex Fornuto,wilhelm.freenode.net
LostInWeb,178.254.2.238,VP,asimov.freenode.net
psycobass,li289-83.members.linode.com,James LaRocque,asimov.freenode.net
joaijala_,192.89.120.53,joaijala,hitchcock.freenode.net
anatolik,soyuz.archlinux.org,Quassel IRC User,adams.freenode.net
RocketLL,rocketll.com,Lucas Lee,rajaniemi.freenode.net
msm,unaffiliated/msm,Work Horse,karatkievich.freenode.net
aoseki,unaffiliated/akaseki,Tim,card.freenode.net
ChristopherImmer,gateway/shell/catrobat/x-cmuabzlydiurimjg,ChristopherImmervoll,niven.freenode.net
CussBot,unaffiliated/mamarley/bot/mamarley-bots, Cuss Statistics Bot,karatkievich.freenode.net
kgkg,host-84-205-235-8.cpe.syzefxis.ote.gr,kostas,verne.freenode.net
OlaNys,2a03:b0c0:1:d0::a5:6001,Ola,niven.freenode.net
Drakmyth,ec2-52-89-110-230.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Shaun Hamman,karatkievich.freenode.net
pentiumone133,c-98-220-69-19.hsd1.il.comcast.net,Will,karatkievich.freenode.net
nurupo,unaffiliated/nurupo,nurupo.ga,adams.freenode.net
Nothing4You,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
scherbs,2606:df00:3:0:216:3cff:fe68:30d9,scherbs,karatkievich.freenode.net
demi`,198.199.65.215,Alysson Souza e Silva,weber.freenode.net
dwilc,c-76-124-236-105.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,dwilc,orwell.freenode.net
venti_,p5498D836.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,ventilator,tepper.freenode.net
nimbleark,unaffiliated/nimbleark,nimbleark,hitchcock.freenode.net
Bogdacutu,vpn-bg.bogdacutu.me,Bogdan,niven.freenode.net
evilny0,chani.moomoocamp.net,evilny0,karatkievich.freenode.net
Magne`,2001:bc8:3ba5:102::1,Magne,wolfe.freenode.net
_are__,2a01:238:4325:ca00:f065:c93c:f967:9285,Adrian Reyer,niven.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
CounterPillow,unaffiliated/counterpillow,C. Ounter Pillow,niven.freenode.net
tan,unaffiliated/tan,Terje Andersen,verne.freenode.net
Jimlad,81.174.132.199,James Lodge,card.freenode.net
kfunk,kde/kfunk,Kevin Funk,verne.freenode.net
sivs,lurga.iskrembilen.com,Sivert Aa,wolfe.freenode.net
Rockwolf,Sentinelnet.tk,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
Veedubin,107.150.34.202,Veedubin,wolfe.freenode.net
wagle,irc.wagle.io,Perry Wagle,,,,,verne.freenode.net
Israphel,190.246.103.68,Cristian Fad�n,leguin.freenode.net
Desoxy,propane.zqnr.de,Desoxy,hitchcock.freenode.net
dasp,marley.dondaniello.com,dasp,sinisalo.freenode.net
Robus,2001:41d0:a:22b3::1,Robus,wolfe.freenode.net
Christian_Qs,sedna-ipv6.space.pacher.com,Christian Pacher,karatkievich.freenode.net
flarunt,your.stupidity.violates.me,flarunt,orwell.freenode.net
ejat,ubuntu/member/fenris-,fenris,orwell.freenode.net
brolin_empey,brolin.be,Brolin Empey,card.freenode.net
seosepa,aperture.GLaDOS.info,Stefan,weber.freenode.net
cashforbtc,unaffiliated/cashforbtc,cashforbtc,barjavel.freenode.net
Nida,static.117.33.251.148.clients.your-server.de,Nida,asimov.freenode.net
wililupy,96-81-187-51-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,Luke Williams,wilhelm.freenode.net
Polsaker,donger/wielder/Polsaker,Polsaker,hitchcock.freenode.net
Clubbryce,bc56.me,Bryce,weber.freenode.net
esainane,antihype.space,Epsilon.,wilhelm.freenode.net
MisterRobot,unaffiliated/misterrobot,RobV,weber.freenode.net
herby,opensuse/member/hgraeber,Herbert Graeber,adams.freenode.net
BiancaJakobitsch,gateway/shell/catrobat/x-unnjlvxonmjrgdtc,BiancaJakobitsch,asimov.freenode.net
Zhoriel,this.aint.nethub.fi,Olli M�ntyl�,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mavhq,cpc77319-basf12-2-0-cust433.12-3.cable.virginm.net,mavhc,asimov.freenode.net
zaphod-x,kuzh.polytechnique.fr,Pierre-Jean,barjavel.freenode.net
daniel2,unaffiliated/danielshafer,Daniel Shafer,wilhelm.freenode.net
Forkk,li926-228.members.linode.com,Andrew Okin,karatkievich.freenode.net
Gogh,unaffiliated/gogh,Evie,karatkievich.freenode.net
tsukasa,unaffiliated/tsukasa,Tsukasa,rajaniemi.freenode.net
CIAguy-,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-drbhdaiakmzdmyrf,CIAguy,wilhelm.freenode.net
Rondom,modo.nonmodosedetiam.net,Andreas Gnau,niven.freenode.net
NeddySeagoon,gentoo/developer/NeddySeagoon,Neddy Seagoon,barjavel.freenode.net
C_Sto,totallylegit.supershady.ru,NotCam,barjavel.freenode.net
EgS,quassel/developer/egs,Marcus Eggenberger,kornbluth.freenode.net
kloeri,freenode/staff/exherbo.kloeri,Bryan Ostergaard,orwell.freenode.net
nyloc,darwin.nyloc.de,nyloc,sinisalo.freenode.net
zbenjamin,libqxt/developer/zbenjamin,Benjamin Zeller,karatkievich.freenode.net
ohcibi,2a01:4f8:171:e02::6,Oskar Falkenbaum,niven.freenode.net
iFire,unaffiliated/ifire,iFire,hitchcock.freenode.net
niharvey,nat/redhat/x-ifsmemmpexlamcqu,Nick,verne.freenode.net
blunden,cyanogenmod/maintainer/blunden,blunden,wolfe.freenode.net
CaptainMigraine,198.13.123.200,DAFUQ-IS-MY-NAME,tepper.freenode.net
furgin,optimus.angry.com.au,Furgin,asimov.freenode.net
Harrier,ec2-52-50-200-207.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Harrier,niven.freenode.net
SpeedEvil,tor/regular/SpeedEvil,Ian Stirling,wolfe.freenode.net
ayonix,unaffiliated/ayonix,Adrian,sinisalo.freenode.net
kwork,unaffiliated/kwork,kwork,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Guest87107,2603:3004:15:1300:20c:29ff:fe9a:c6f5,Owner,leguin.freenode.net
Cybertinus,cybertinus.customer.cloud.nl,Cybertinus,niven.freenode.net
Jotadog,beta-gaming.de,Jotadog,orwell.freenode.net
DenBeiren,78-20-238-68.access.telenet.be,denbeiren,hitchcock.freenode.net
cryodream,unaffiliated/cryodream,cryodream,card.freenode.net
bpye,unaffiliated/bpye,Ben,adams.freenode.net
gadams,unaffiliated/gadams,G.A.,asimov.freenode.net
codanostra,45-17-199-130.lightspeed.tukrga.sbcglobal.net,nick,asimov.freenode.net
__builtin,unaffiliated/franklin,__builtin,card.freenode.net
wjp,hmm.wantstofly.org,wjp,verne.freenode.net
Tuna-Fish,tuna.kortex.jyu.fi,Antti-Ville Tuunainen,leguin.freenode.net
fotis2,2001:41d0:8:e5b6::1,Fotis Georgatos,wilhelm.freenode.net
carrot,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe73:1488,c,niven.freenode.net
GenLuxx,unaffiliated/cptluxx,LtLuxx,tepper.freenode.net
mrallweather,sydney.techieman.net,Ben Weatherall,adams.freenode.net
sighmon,slartibartfast.hackerspace-adelaide.org.au,sighmon,hitchcock.freenode.net
Ropeney,tank.mindvision.com.au,Joseph,wolfe.freenode.net
Simotek,opensuse/member/simotek,realname,card.freenode.net
sekjun9878,unaffiliated/sekjun9878,Michael Yoo,orwell.freenode.net
vk5fsck,fsf/member/linux-ham,linux-ham,sinisalo.freenode.net
adambrenecki,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-geganywvymyubdbe,Adam Brenecki,adams.freenode.net
sloth,faggotry.org,sloth,wilhelm.freenode.net
andyg,103.56.0.2,Andy Gelme,orwell.freenode.net
Xavierdarkness,unaffiliated/xavierdarkness,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
Miss_Alaina,47.189.83.60,Alaina D. Bot,hitchcock.freenode.net
joeykrim,having.fun.at.joeykrim.com,joeykrim,weber.freenode.net
rhg135,unaffiliated/rhg135,A Random Pony,asimov.freenode.net
KAsp3rd,unaffiliated/kasp3rd,KAsp3rd,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dark_samus,unaffiliated/darksamus/x-4334154,dark_samus,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Guest18627,47.189.83.60,Justin,card.freenode.net
BlueFrost,carrot.cybolabs.co.uk,Blue,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tiger^,moo.pl,Nostalgia for Infinity,niven.freenode.net
mihnball,tiberium.net.pl,mindfuck,orwell.freenode.net
rasz,q3.pl,Mikolaj Klimek,asimov.freenode.net
Goon,l96.pl,Goon,barjavel.freenode.net
_mjg,diabel.pl,Mateusz Guzik,orwell.freenode.net
fahren,diabel.pl,Maciej Freudenheim,adams.freenode.net
crg_,lagoon.freebsd.lublin.pl,crg,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Huczas,host-188-122-2-27.finemedia.pl,huczas,adams.freenode.net
psieklFH,wombat.eu.org,Piotr Sieklucki,tepper.freenode.net
abyss,178.217.184.175,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
Makawity,dziupla.eu.org,Artur Bartnicki,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jAg,104.219.107.83,Billiam Gates III,hitchcock.freenode.net
jimbaker,python/psf/jimbaker,Jim Baker,niven.freenode.net
stufflebear,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ensenwkvqtguibin,stufflebear,adams.freenode.net
phoebesimon,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yyexlvddyfcwzjzz,Phoebe Simon,wolfe.freenode.net
cyli,172.99.77.232,Cy Li,wolfe.freenode.net
lobby,wesnoth/bot/lobby,Wesnoth (http://www.wesnoth.org/irclogs/),asimov.freenode.net
tuxlobby,wesnoth/bot/tuxlobby,Wesnoth (http://www.wesnoth.org/irclogs/),wolfe.freenode.net
Soliton,wesnoth/developer/soliton,Soliton,orwell.freenode.net
dicplobby_,wesnoth/bot/dicplobby,Wesnoth (http://www.wesnoth.org/irclogs/),asimov.freenode.net
uso_w,unaffiliated/uso,uso_w,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
bjornreppen,27.167.202.84.customer.cdi.no,Bj�rn Reppen,,,,weber.freenode.net
ZystemFryar,unaffiliated/zystemfryar,Zystem Fryar,weber.freenode.net
ctgiant,unaffiliated/ctgiant,Anonymous User,wilhelm.freenode.net
coinictus,unaffiliated/coinictus,coinictus,card.freenode.net
Tinkle,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-lfafxhsqjzhzbsmv,Tinderauth,karatkievich.freenode.net
leifw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pnvpsevcnrqcoijv,Leif Walsh,adams.freenode.net
BlackPanx_,93-103-10-34.static.t-2.net,http://blackbird.si,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tlonim,unaffiliated/tlonim,Raghavendra,wolfe.freenode.net
georgelorch,47-216-213-53.pasncmtk01.res.dyn.suddenlink.net,realname,tepper.freenode.net
irclogger_com,li659-42.members.linode.com,irc log bot, http://www.irclogger.com,asimov.freenode.net
oohnoitz,2604:180:2:216::1337:4,...,roddenberry.freenode.net
JoWie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fwtvmyqjspovnogv,Joris,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Jb_boin,proxad.eu,Jean Weisbuch,leguin.freenode.net
RoyBellingan,89.101.131.177,Roy,karatkievich.freenode.net
Ninpo,fsf/member/Ninpo,Ninpo,karatkievich.freenode.net
tanj,94.23.31.57,jm la belgikk,wolfe.freenode.net
Ispy,supertux/bot/commit-notifications,Ispy - SuperTux commit notifications,barjavel.freenode.net
mt,atheme/mteufel,M. Teufel <mteufel@urandom.eu.org>,niven.freenode.net
maths22,unaffiliated/maths22,Jacob B,weber.freenode.net
JPVelders,2001:1af8:4201:66:195:140:242:52,JP Velders,niven.freenode.net
snip,vps-seb.glidernet.org,Sebastien Chaumontet,adams.freenode.net
berniv6,fliwatuet.birkenwald.de,Bernhard Schmidt,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dsiegfried,131.173.82.21,David Siegfried,adams.freenode.net
hoepenHAL9k,hal9k.w2kroot.uni-oldenburg.de,Hermann Schulte-Borchers,kornbluth.freenode.net
tleilax^afk,leo.uberspace.de,Jan-Hendrik Willms,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
robert_HfWU_,193.196.133.6,robert_HfWU,asimov.freenode.net
tgloeggl,v22015052821025170.yourvserver.net,Till Gl�ggler,asimov.freenode.net
schaary,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kwgtoqpcziorzbgq,Michael Schaarschmidt,sinisalo.freenode.net
manschwa,2a03:4000:6:10fe::1,manschwa,wolfe.freenode.net
schaary_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oujkfhbklynujoys,Michael Schaarschmidt,rajaniemi.freenode.net
aklassen,v22015052821025170.yourvserver.net,Andre K,rajaniemi.freenode.net
PrincessButt,irc.neko.sx,Bunnygirl,hitchcock.freenode.net
rtwilli,72.49.193.156,...,rajaniemi.freenode.net
V3DT_,unaffiliated/v3dt,Visual 3D Technology,tepper.freenode.net
GreenJello,unaffiliated/greenjello,GreenJello,wilhelm.freenode.net
Jeepster[],75.70.123.107,purple,sinisalo.freenode.net
sherlock,107.161.29.132,user,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mang0,unaffiliated/mang0,mang0,rajaniemi.freenode.net
swordsmanz,irc.neko.sx,NYANNN,adams.freenode.net
Anitox_,unaffiliated/anitox,Anitox,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Nuparu__,2602:306:bd0b:ede0:9183:50ca:7cdd:4ee2,Nuparu,leguin.freenode.net
rh2,160-3-85-154.cpe.cableone.net,realname,tepper.freenode.net
hja,gateway/shell/tkk.fi/x-qjdpjgeaavjrsgns,Henrik Aarnio,orwell.freenode.net
ucb,xn--ht-1ia18f.nonceword.org,Booyah,niven.freenode.net
refizul,mail.datenschutzraum.org,fmg,wolfe.freenode.net
rasda,c-base/crew/rasda,rasda,wilhelm.freenode.net
aisyk,2a02-8429-8179-d500-c10e-0265-fcf2-e7ed.rev.sfr.net,realname,niven.freenode.net
phanny,buzz.p-pack.de,Phenny Palmersbot, http://inamidst.com/phenny/,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
__igor__,gateway/shell/c-base/x-ypzuslgzookccfyl,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
hooch,studio.fastmedia.com,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
smeb,2001:41d0:2:98ad::1,Seb,wilhelm.freenode.net
jwheare,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ebjglxzmwixdgcmj,James Wheare,adams.freenode.net
OliverMT,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tlwpklzdhaffwqnr,Oliver Severin Tynes,wolfe.freenode.net
evax,patcher2.evax.fr,Evax Software,asimov.freenode.net
byaruhaf,ec2-52-43-250-252.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Byaruhanga Franklin,weber.freenode.net
dch,apache/committer/dch,Dave Cottlehuber,leguin.freenode.net
chops,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xkwgzefvdevvlgyf,Jesse Gumm,wolfe.freenode.net
Licenser,gollum.licenser.net,Heinz,hitchcock.freenode.net
yosuke___,www15086ue.sakura.ne.jp,Yosuke Hara,hitchcock.freenode.net
okeuday_bak,24-113-18-65.wavecable.com,Michael Truog,orwell.freenode.net
borgtu,li303-51.members.linode.com,borgtu,kornbluth.freenode.net
fishcakez,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jjrvodqbddlrgqjz,James Fish,wolfe.freenode.net
s2hc_johan,2a00:1a48:7806:116:64d5:f340:ff08:89d4,s2hc_johan,niven.freenode.net
otome,rymdis.com,otome,karatkievich.freenode.net
JStoker,unaffiliated/jstoker,JStoker,niven.freenode.net
DeadTrickster,31.132.183.197,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
pebble`,unaffiliated/espiral,pebble,wilhelm.freenode.net
wcummings,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-piiimjqzzmnxjwtb,wc,weber.freenode.net
dustinm`,149.56.14.68,dustinm,wolfe.freenode.net
kradalby,185.125.169.220,Kristoffer Dalby,verne.freenode.net
gen_ale_drinker,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ttneylpgjvtsnokk,Michael Coles,wilhelm.freenode.net
avn,78-56-108-78.static.zebra.lt,Debian User,hitchcock.freenode.net
larshesel,unaffiliated/larshesel,Lars Hesel Christensen,verne.freenode.net
stowelly,2a01:4f8:160:51eb::2,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
peerst,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mncjdmiubomjzsrg,Peer Stritzinger,card.freenode.net
ahf,irssi/staff/ahf,Alexander Færøy,barjavel.freenode.net
okeuday,24-113-18-65.wavecable.com,Michael Truog,hitchcock.freenode.net
philipcristiano,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yfqfyrvcvxkrwfoi,philipcristiano,adams.freenode.net
derekbrown,ec2-52-5-195-72.compute-1.amazonaws.com,derekbrown,asimov.freenode.net
_longines,static.183.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,longines,wolfe.freenode.net
corvicorax,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lhdukireguolgujj,Zuchto,adams.freenode.net
essen,ks3372510.kimsufi.com,essen,asimov.freenode.net
ivan,unaffiliated/ivan/x-000001,ivan,wilhelm.freenode.net
rvirding,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rktyqkjohjatoexw,Robert Virding,sinisalo.freenode.net
hlieberman,about/crypto/member/hlieberman,Harlan Lieberman-Berg,adams.freenode.net
kwmiebach__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ctegzgolqtindoyv,Kurt Miebach,wilhelm.freenode.net
asm89,unaffiliated/asm89,Alexander,karatkievich.freenode.net
pantech,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-skaymmmzoekxyhra,Matthias Endler,adams.freenode.net
nyaray,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lysgumdexdjtgouk,nyaray,wilhelm.freenode.net
MononcQc,168.235.69.158,Fred T-H,verne.freenode.net
RJ2,pdpc/supporter/professional/rj2,Richard Jones,card.freenode.net
cxadams,107.170.56.176,Christopher Adams,rajaniemi.freenode.net
darkling,frost.carfax.org.uk,Hugo Mills,wolfe.freenode.net
besc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mobloqylftwjrdqj,besc,adams.freenode.net
Guest71678,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-caqcfqprpdrtzrsm,Martin Schürrer,weber.freenode.net
oleavr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-orwxitadcjssaoaq,Ole André Vadla Ravnås,karatkievich.freenode.net
asabil,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-rwxmuiztxkfmebiw,Ali Sabil,karatkievich.freenode.net
eichin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lmarevegpfwggagh,Mark Eichin,adams.freenode.net
tavarm,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tubcugwooiplxsxp,tavish,wolfe.freenode.net
nelhage,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-myhgangirbsuoajg,Nelson Elhage,adams.freenode.net
price,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sgsscqfsgordjmwu,Greg Price,adams.freenode.net
broder,ubuntu/member/broder,Evan Broder,adams.freenode.net
asheesh,109.166.211.130.bc.googleusercontent.com,Asheesh Laroia,adams.freenode.net
kcr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gacgynxhwluomsks,Karl Ramm,niven.freenode.net
shachaf,unaffiliated/shachaf,Shachaf Ben-Kiki,barjavel.freenode.net
tdmackey,booleanhaiku.com,TD Mackey,hitchcock.freenode.net
asedeno,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uokabkikrgsaexfq,asedeno,adams.freenode.net
cvhc,103.192.224.177,weechat,hitchcock.freenode.net
bruceutut,unaffiliated/bruceutut,realname,asimov.freenode.net
T-J-M,unaffiliated/tommyjerrymairo,逐光入暗,asimov.freenode.net
teleboto,172.96.113.15,teleboto,niven.freenode.net
erhandsome,unaffiliated/erhandsome,erhandsome,weber.freenode.net
hosiet,do1.hosiet.me,hosiet,karatkievich.freenode.net
wzhd,74.70.32a9.ip4.static.sl-reverse.com,wzhd,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
bananad,2f.9f.2ea9.ip4.static.sl-reverse.com,none,adams.freenode.net
Seija,104.223.19.12,seija,orwell.freenode.net
HeavyMetal,unaffiliated/heavymetal,HeavyMetal,niven.freenode.net
cameronfr,2604:a880:1:20::1e5:900f,Cameron,karatkievich.freenode.net
pfallenop,unaffiliated/contempt,paralela,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kiki_lamb,kiwi.kitrich.net,Kiki Lamb,asimov.freenode.net
bvangennip,CPE00fc8d3eb053-CM00fc8d3eb050.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
Frojoe,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe70:bc74,Jordan,niven.freenode.net
mhoye,mhoye.vs.heavycomputing.ca,Mike Hoye,wolfe.freenode.net
mhuang,142.204.133.10,realname,card.freenode.net
darvon,107.191.100.185,darvon,wilhelm.freenode.net
sedge,office.addictivemobility.com,sedge,adams.freenode.net
quaid,fedora/quaid,Karsten Wade,wilhelm.freenode.net
vacause,45.55.192.98,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
K`Tetch,unaffiliated/ktetch,evil,hitchcock.freenode.net
brimstone,unaffiliated/brimstone,Matt,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Matir,ubuntu/member/matir,matir,wolfe.freenode.net
trickshotjohnny,unaffiliated/trickshotjohnny,trickshotjohnny,niven.freenode.net
xray,c-73-43-4-206.hsd1.ga.comcast.net,xray,asimov.freenode.net
bill_e_ghote,c-73-82-226-77.hsd1.ga.comcast.net,purple,barjavel.freenode.net
Guest87702,c-50-160-178-99.hsd1.ga.comcast.net,sainate,tepper.freenode.net
g2,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-fmbddiepytagfvte,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
rpifan,73.106.73.100,rpi,hitchcock.freenode.net
scoob,fsf/member/scoob,scoob,verne.freenode.net
trickbot,unaffiliated/trickshotjohnny/bot/trickbot,trickbot,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
npcomp,163.172.136.88,user,sinisalo.freenode.net
xopr,130.255.72.221,xopr,wolfe.freenode.net
l4mRh4X0r,l4mrh4x0r.student.ipv6.utwente.nl,14mRh4X0r,wolfe.freenode.net
vagarwal,lopsa/member/toxboi,Vipul Agarwal,adams.freenode.net
Barnerd,freebsd/developer/barnerd,Barnerd,verne.freenode.net
damnlie_,2a01:4a0:3::5096:aeb,damnlie,niven.freenode.net
joostvb,beskar.soleus.nu,Joost van Baal-Ilić,wilhelm.freenode.net
martian,a83-162-189-97.adsl.xs4all.nl,Aschwin Marsman,tepper.freenode.net
johans,freebsd/developer/johans,johans,leguin.freenode.net
webmind,195.169.146.34,0506 976E 2346 53B4 A628  EC33 E23D 16EE FCF1 54AE,orwell.freenode.net
SvenG,kudu.in-berlin.de,Sven Guckes,sinisalo.freenode.net
Yady,fosdem/staff/yady,Wynke Stulemeijer,weber.freenode.net
Wim324,162-74.bbned.dsl.internl.net,Wim,barjavel.freenode.net
marja,a83-160-66-163.adsl.xs4all.nl,Marja van Waes,asimov.freenode.net
Vicarious,CAcert/Vicarious,Everything that has a beginning, has an end..,karatkievich.freenode.net
DjSlash,djslash.org,Rutger "DjSlash",leguin.freenode.net
THX1138`,unaffiliated/zzyzx,Jon Snow,card.freenode.net
kwillems__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tgvuirzrdbnurbbl,Koen Willems,wolfe.freenode.net
henning20,prox-int-41.cozycloud.cc,cozy-602,orwell.freenode.net
jospoortvliet,opensuse/member/jospoortvliet,Jos Poortvliet,adams.freenode.net
davitol,82.159.139.58.static.user.ono.com,davitol,barjavel.freenode.net
duckydan,192.111.79.220,Dan,asimov.freenode.net
raquel,82.159.139.58.static.user.ono.com,raquel,rajaniemi.freenode.net
felixboehm,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pbjmgssmzniwqthv,Felix Boehm,wolfe.freenode.net
jesus-,82.159.139.58.static.user.ono.com,jesus,niven.freenode.net
SergioBertolin,82.159.139.58.static.user.ono.com,sergio,wolfe.freenode.net
nb,fedora/nb,nb,wilhelm.freenode.net
michaelstingl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fyubulyemfmnrkhj,Michael Stingl,barjavel.freenode.net
cmonteroluque,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fxaxxtnvduojtkpr,C. Montero-Luque,wolfe.freenode.net
dvelasco,82.159.139.58.static.user.ono.com,David A. Velasco,niven.freenode.net
PVince81,vincentpetry.net,Vincent Petry,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
DeepDiver,mail.tmit.eu,DeepDiver,karatkievich.freenode.net
dragotin,quassel.woboq.de,Klaas F.,wolfe.freenode.net
jdpaniagua,213.27.140.34,jdpaniagua,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
posde,176.56.184.105,posde,wilhelm.freenode.net
RecordingBot`,www.globalqss.com,Supybot 0.83.4.1,card.freenode.net
Kingsquee,d154-5-143-178.bchsia.telus.net,nodev,weber.freenode.net
Treebasher,unaffiliated/treebasher,I wish I knew.,verne.freenode.net
Armen,i.am.armen138.com,Armen138,niven.freenode.net
RudyValencia,unaffiliated/rudyvalencia,Rudy Valencia,niven.freenode.net
adq,unaffiliated/adq,qda,leguin.freenode.net
bigbluehat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-skewvceaclsgzyxr,BigBlueHat,barjavel.freenode.net
RobShad,unaffiliated/grrmode,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
matthewtrask,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zgvyjmbmusmnvgqe,Matthew Trask,karatkievich.freenode.net
carter,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmhweqsuvocmbizu,Carter Schonwald,wolfe.freenode.net
ReinH,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fcsbhnubzfbxbmyg,Rein Henrichs,rajaniemi.freenode.net
edwardk,haskell/developer/edwardk,Edward Kmett,sinisalo.freenode.net
tolt,li697-66.members.linode.com,Kevin,asimov.freenode.net
cin,pdpc/supporter/student/zhuangzi,cin,niven.freenode.net
davean,107.6.89.242,davean,karatkievich.freenode.net
shapr,haskell/developer/shapr,Shae Erisson,verne.freenode.net
shachaf,unaffiliated/shachaf,Shachaf Ben-Kiki,barjavel.freenode.net
carter-znc,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe6e:6c01,Carter Schonwald,karatkievich.freenode.net
chromakode,reddit/admins/chromakode,Max,asimov.freenode.net
sclv,haskell/developer/sclv,sclv,adams.freenode.net
drahthaar,ns1.beocat.ksu.edu,bot bot bot,niven.freenode.net
dstew42,2604:a880:800:10::42d:1,HollowNote,wolfe.freenode.net
`brian,2604:a880:1:20::21:5001,ohai,niven.freenode.net
epicserve,do.epicserve.com,Brent O'Connor,karatkievich.freenode.net
sgstair,50.46.100.228,Stephen Stair,hitchcock.freenode.net
Landon,unaffiliated/landon,Landon,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lkchen,adsl-64-216-107-11.dsl.tpkaks.swbell.net,Lawrence 'The Dreamer' Chen,hitchcock.freenode.net
atodd,viper.cs.ksu.edu,Alex Todd,adams.freenode.net
hguthrie,2605:a601:42e:4b01:76d4:35ff:fe02:c882,Hans Guthrie,sinisalo.freenode.net
sgsax,viper.cs.ksu.edu,Seth Galitzer,karatkievich.freenode.net
pwnguin,osuosl/staff/pwnguin,Justin L Dugger,adams.freenode.net
zanshin_,ip68-102-23-189.ks.ok.cox.net,Textual User,karatkievich.freenode.net
russfeld,ip70-179-170-205.fv.ks.cox.net,Russell Feldhausen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ToeBee,162.219.6.173,ToeBee,asimov.freenode.net
hguthrie_,viper.cs.ksu.edu,Hans Guthrie,niven.freenode.net
pendrgn,foo.ome.ksu.edu,brad,asimov.freenode.net
hanasaki,pool-71-185-36-83.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,purple,leguin.freenode.net
zanshin,krayt.ome.ksu.edu,Mark Nichols,card.freenode.net
bstinson,li874-247.members.linode.com,Brian Stinson,orwell.freenode.net
quixote,insane.ome.ksu.edu,Don Eisele,karatkievich.freenode.net
Solarion,fsf/member/solarion,solarion,weber.freenode.net
kylehutson,li418-127.members.linode.com,Kyle Hutson,weber.freenode.net
brdalert,viper.cs.ksu.edu,Brandon Dunn,niven.freenode.net
Ramereth,osuosl/staff/ramereth,Lance Albertson,wilhelm.freenode.net
`aleCS,viper.cs.ksu.edu,Alexandru Gavril Bardas,wolfe.freenode.net
dp3atksu,gw.math.ksu.edu,devon,card.freenode.net
m0zes,ns1.beocat.ksu.edu,mozes,tepper.freenode.net
sgbot,cougar.cs.ksu.edu,SG Bot,weber.freenode.net
aboerger,cougar.cs.ksu.edu,Austin,asimov.freenode.net
rfrederick,209.195.3.12,Ryan Frederick,hitchcock.freenode.net
chivo,dont.hate.unixsluts.com,Don't Hate,card.freenode.net
yeungd,91.215.166.4,purple,asimov.freenode.net
dotwaffle,pdpc/supporter/student/dotwaffle,Matthew Walster,wilhelm.freenode.net
webvictim,facebook/engineering/webvictim,lift up the receiver, i'll make you a believer,adams.freenode.net
webby,facebook/engineering/webvictim,lift up the receiver, i'll make you a believer,tepper.freenode.net
AndyMillar,andymillar.co.uk,Andy Millar (FREENODE),rajaniemi.freenode.net
TheSeth,217.169.23.154,Seth Tunstall,weber.freenode.net
TheMuso,ubuntu/member/themuso,Luke Yelavich,sinisalo.freenode.net
jpwhiting,kde/developer/whiting,Jeremy Whiting,adams.freenode.net
fregl,kde/gladhorn,Frederik Gladhorn,leguin.freenode.net
jgmdev,24.50.217.174,Jeff,,,,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Flyingmana_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ibyuzxiebkkqsbfu,Flyingmana,adams.freenode.net
maxmanders,znc.maxmanders.co.uk,Max Manders,karatkievich.freenode.net
amdprophet,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pfnsxentpckwwoms,Justin Kolberg,rajaniemi.freenode.net
calebhailey,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-askcnnegexazaqei,Caleb Hailey,sinisalo.freenode.net
agoddard,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-thvpqltivfcfnpal,@anthonygoddard,wolfe.freenode.net
cwj,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sgbplalkpkwkmsiw,cwj,rajaniemi.freenode.net
fnichol_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mvydxvtvibhaiggf,Fletcher Nichol,leguin.freenode.net
randeffects__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qggasjtllztxxaii,Greg Willis,wilhelm.freenode.net
bgs-irc-b-0-1__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gwxhupyzkjvtvbst,bgs-irc-b-0-1,adams.freenode.net
mkurkov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kzpzmyaxvlmdecjp,Mikl Kurkov,wilhelm.freenode.net
bgs-irc-b-0-1___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vvvwlzoljodyarsd,bgs-irc-b-0-1,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
bgs-irc-b-0-1,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lohpbfnqppnuajph,bgs-irc-b-0-1,wilhelm.freenode.net
zolij,wintermute.sch.bme.hu,zolij,verne.freenode.net
balo,82.196.10.241,balo,adams.freenode.net
botobot,82.196.10.241,botobot the brave,wilhelm.freenode.net
blahdodo,69.172.164.248,Peter Pickford,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ZystemFryar,unaffiliated/zystemfryar,Zystem Fryar,weber.freenode.net
gauge,unaffiliated/gauge,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
varia,unaffiliated/gauge/bot/variation,variation,niven.freenode.net
cojy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vwffknvshiymnbdx,tca,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
pmladek,opensuse/member/pmladek,Petr Mladek,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Bird|otherbox,unaffiliated/htt-bird,B1rdz0r,card.freenode.net
drag_op,ns3023603.ip-37-187-16.eu,MarcinC,asimov.freenode.net
radiobot1,lysego.pl,Wykurwisty bot,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
sisel4,unaffiliated/sisel4,Łysy,asimov.freenode.net
Wojtulas,setka.ml,Wojt,adams.freenode.net
JimmyJ_,2601:600:4102:6a00:cc33:e46a:a20d:822f,geryg,wolfe.freenode.net
nikow,129.ip-51-255-160.eu,nikow,asimov.freenode.net
GreyVulpine,c-98-209-31-12.hsd1.mi.comcast.net,...,barjavel.freenode.net
vin-ivar,unaffiliated/vin-ivar,Vin Ivar,wilhelm.freenode.net
Freso,musicbrainz/user/Freso,Frederik “Freso” S. Olesen,zelazny.freenode.net
madx`,unaffiliated/madx/x-1668358,François Vaux,karatkievich.freenode.net
X-ATM0921,skedars.com,nodeJS IRC client,orwell.freenode.net
WeaselSoup,skedars.com,Patrice,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ggherdov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vbwaayesufqmtyef,Giovanni Gherdovich,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bvowk,74.123.69.91,Barkley Vowk,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Amadiro,dalvik.ping.uio.no,Amadiro Fafarello,barjavel.freenode.net
myndzi,tetrisguide.com,Imagining order into life, like dreams with might,asimov.freenode.net
johnyb,limu.coffee.liberejo.de,Julian Baeume,niven.freenode.net
AlonzoTG,pool-108-51-148-129.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Alan Grimes,barjavel.freenode.net
Factionwars,ev0.nl,Factionwars,verne.freenode.net
Tigge,188.166.47.195,"Gustav Tiger,verne.freenode.net
thorrr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gyvxfjmimhwjokpb,Brett Runnings,adams.freenode.net
xenodora,150.101.97.121,Xenodora,wolfe.freenode.net
Populus_,81-226-168-8-no122.tbcn.telia.com,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
angreifer,angreifer.org,Kevin,sinisalo.freenode.net
kriskropd,unaffiliated/kriskropd,kris,card.freenode.net
flappy,a88-113-154-4.elisa-laajakaista.fi,realname,leguin.freenode.net
Friss,friss.me,friss,barjavel.freenode.net
Stiepen,kim.stiepen.com,Stiepen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Cyborgmatt,cpc1-burn7-2-0-cust332.10-1.cable.virginm.net,Cyborgmatt,verne.freenode.net
andrew12,unaffiliated/andrew12,andrew,asimov.freenode.net
Spanjoekel_,5351F05C.cm-6-2d.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Spanjoekel,leguin.freenode.net
joepie91_,199.241.31.225,Sven Slootweg,adams.freenode.net
shakalaka,ec2-52-52-27-0.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,shakalaka,barjavel.freenode.net
Scorpianz,217.14.9.51.dyn.plus.net,Jacques,wilhelm.freenode.net
silsha,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-fnwprutxfshuiaab,silsha fux,wolfe.freenode.net
dpower,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bynvhiphvvbajwvd,dpower,hitchcock.freenode.net
Coolant,183.82.207.10,parso,hitchcock.freenode.net
McKay,steamdb/supporter/mckay,Dr. McKay,adams.freenode.net
Siyo,unaffiliated/siyo,Siyo,barjavel.freenode.net
Zren,bas3-guelph22-65-92-33-76.dsl.bell.ca,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
ConcernedHobbit,irc.concernedhobbit.eu,Concerned Hobbit, a Concerned Hobbit.,wilhelm.freenode.net
Dessa,kvirc/staff/Dessa,Dessa,sinisalo.freenode.net
rewrite,unaffiliated/rewrite,rewrite,asimov.freenode.net
torriz,unaffiliated/torriz,torriz,wilhelm.freenode.net
Grifs99,tzt.lv,Grifs99,wilhelm.freenode.net
Netshroud,unaffiliated/netshroud,Netshroud,roddenberry.freenode.net
directhex,62.80.20.142,Jo Shields,niven.freenode.net
Alram,steamdb/marlamin,Alram,adams.freenode.net
styles,unaffiliated/styles,styles,adams.freenode.net
Kein,unaffiliated/kein,Kein,asimov.freenode.net
FlamingSapz,192.121.167.197,Yousef Alam,wolfe.freenode.net
Cypher-,62.210.180.249,Cypher-,orwell.freenode.net
grinsekatze,unaffiliated/grinsekatze,Andreas,sinisalo.freenode.net
Dinnerbone,i.like.butts.and.my.name.is.dinnerbone.com,40% dinner, 60% bone, 1% margin of error,leguin.freenode.net
EhsanKia,ec2-52-1-35-47.compute-1.amazonaws.com,EhsanKia,niven.freenode.net
kowiz1,104.236.72.191,Kowiz,barjavel.freenode.net
Kazzy,kurtmclester.com,kaz,karatkievich.freenode.net
lukegb,210.58.154.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,lukegb,weber.freenode.net
Arthas_,2001:41d0:1008:5b3::,Felix,wilhelm.freenode.net
GLOKON,unaffiliated/glokon,GLOKON,karatkievich.freenode.net
AutoDirector,unaffiliated/launch-director/x-8216596,OffensiveBOT V2.0,hitchcock.freenode.net
wipeD,2a03:4000:6:811a::4:6,Raoul,niven.freenode.net
Plagman_,steroid.plagman.net,Pierre-Loup,sinisalo.freenode.net
excalibr,gateway/shell/firrre/x-aszagjocosiaryoh,excalibr,asimov.freenode.net
Xinayder,unaffiliated/rockytv,Alexandre,kornbluth.freenode.net
Scrin,pingtimeout.net,Scrin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zertap,dsl-trebrasgw2-54f957-159.dhcp.inet.fi,zertap,weber.freenode.net
Jaex,ShareX/Developer/Jaex,https://getsharex.com,weber.freenode.net
deimos,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bnrwhyyvdrdzrqjs,deimos,wilhelm.freenode.net
irv,unaffiliated/irv,irv,weber.freenode.net
Zarthus,trivialand/guesser/zarthus,3.14% of sailors are Pirates.,asimov.freenode.net
jeggott,unaffiliated/jeggott,jeggott,wilhelm.freenode.net
Cheeseness,ppp14-2-155-79.bras1.hba1.internode.on.net,purple,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Snakez,dsl-173-206-164-213.tor.primus.ca,Snakez,karatkievich.freenode.net
Mustek,steamdb/supporter/mustek,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
SinZ,steamdb/source2-guru/sinz,SinZ,karatkievich.freenode.net
Sarvatt,canonical/sarvatt,Robert Hooker,card.freenode.net
Shadowi,85-76-101-6-nat.elisa-mobile.fi,...,leguin.freenode.net
nahkiss,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xlgohapifhqwytxy,Oskari Kantoniemi,weber.freenode.net
Python132O,unaffiliated/python1320,Python1320,wilhelm.freenode.net
scart,x1-6-a0-63-91-fa-43-22.cpe.webspeed.dk,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
homerj,april-fools/2013/second/homerj,homerj,orwell.freenode.net
Bribri,unaffiliated/brybry,Brybry,barjavel.freenode.net
cRaNnK,2a01:4f8:a1:50::5555,http://crannk.de/,niven.freenode.net
jpx_,163.172.160.101,jpx_,wilhelm.freenode.net
tccki,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe56:1c4c,tccki,wilhelm.freenode.net
reddi,ip-37-201-28-87.hsi13.unitymediagroup.de,x,karatkievich.freenode.net
monty,unaffiliated/monty,cry some more,adams.freenode.net
clsr,clsr.net,clsr,adams.freenode.net
Jetamo,2a00:23c3:35ad:5300:f4bc:e3ea:381b:30e8,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
_ChauffeR,unaffiliated/chauffer,simone,barjavel.freenode.net
norby,unaffiliated/norby89,realname,orwell.freenode.net
Lunatrius,77.38.21.26,Jadran Kotnik,karatkievich.freenode.net
allthefoxes,wikipedia/allthefoxes,Eric,niven.freenode.net
levifig,hakr.io,Levi Figueira,karatkievich.freenode.net
bl1nk,archlinux/support/bl1nk,Markus Cisler,niven.freenode.net
bootkiller,a89-154-162-166.cpe.netcabo.pt,4,8KVIrc 4.9.2 Aria http://kvirc.net/,wilhelm.freenode.net
xiagu,inkhor.se,small horse enthusiast,hitchcock.freenode.net
meklu,holmes.meklu.org,Melker Narikka,niven.freenode.net
psychonic,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bbvkdmkdfpvwjouk,psychonic,adams.freenode.net
asherkin,limetech.io,Asher,verne.freenode.net
miceiken,clusterbrain.net,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
Ymgve,205.154.251.212.customer.cdi.no,ymgve.net,karatkievich.freenode.net
Pent,S01061c1b689d60c9.cg.shawcable.net,jon pant,tepper.freenode.net
Wah,71-217-64-130.tukw.qwest.net,Interlocker,wolfe.freenode.net
ven000m,149.3.143.68,13Nice /whois,rajaniemi.freenode.net
VoidFox,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-mhlsyjjnprehgrgt,VoidFox,niven.freenode.net
CyberKitsune,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-viirnamsxgtibrou,Sean McClenaghan,adams.freenode.net
Tsesarevich,fluxbuntu/founder/joejaxx,Otshelnik,adams.freenode.net
rinukkusu,sub-r.de,rinukkusu,adams.freenode.net
skooch,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-silrxlnsldadnqjq,skooch,leguin.freenode.net
zeknurn,host-85-30-181-191.sydskane.nu,...,tepper.freenode.net
Ditti,2a03:4000:6:811a:dead:beef:cafe:babe,Rico,leguin.freenode.net
Xenthys,bfnt/staff/botters.xenthys,Dylan Ysmal,card.freenode.net
rymate1234,2001:41d0:1:9a60::1,Ryan,wilhelm.freenode.net
goeo_,2604:a880:1:20::cb:7001,Genco Demir,wolfe.freenode.net
jorgenpt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kcndecedstmvmphk,Jørgen,wilhelm.freenode.net
LaunchDirector,unaffiliated/launch-director/x-8216596,pi,adams.freenode.net
timmw,unaffiliated/timmw,Tim,niven.freenode.net
kriger_,unaffiliated/kriger,N/A,tepper.freenode.net
Holz,spa.st,Holz,niven.freenode.net
Rick,unaffiliated/rick,Rick,adams.freenode.net
Corben78,unaffiliated/corben78,Corben Dallas,adams.freenode.net
Krvavi,cpe-2606-A000-518C-0-7CB7-6669-E99A-4895.dyn6.twc.com,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
spddl,howard.42bit.net,spddl,barjavel.freenode.net
inara,68.ip-149-56-14.net,inara,karatkievich.freenode.net
Deltanic,deltanic.net,Deltanic,card.freenode.net
Bibi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bvrwqfafsuiqnoof,Bibi,wilhelm.freenode.net
ArtieT,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qdfqcwjxngjfhtai,Artie T.,karatkievich.freenode.net
dscharrer,constexpr.org,void,kornbluth.freenode.net
paracyst,unaffiliated/paracyst,p,karatkievich.freenode.net
dmzda,VillainROM/staff/dmzda,dmzda,wolfe.freenode.net
Highdude,2607:fcd0:100:2305:4::59d7,lol@yea.ok,niven.freenode.net
TehNut,192.99.145.160,Nick,weber.freenode.net
gitmek,holmes.meklu.org,irker relaying client,karatkievich.freenode.net
AKPWD,irc.akpwebdesign.com,AKP,karatkievich.freenode.net
penguinw1zzard,198.199.110.125,Derek Morris,barjavel.freenode.net
VoiDeD`,fennec.sexy,voided,card.freenode.net
r04r,unaffiliated/r04r,r04r,asimov.freenode.net
CornishPasty,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bkirbvtezxllqxyr,David White,adams.freenode.net
Nephrite,pool-45-124.ptcomm.ru,Nephrite,karatkievich.freenode.net
bathtub_shark,trivialand/guesser/zarthus,Zarthus,wilhelm.freenode.net
Pyker,pyker.net,Pyker,niven.freenode.net
Scrxtchy,odyssey.whatbox.ca,Scratch,roddenberry.freenode.net
NolanSyKinsley,2606:6000:5112:df00:3cfe:d44e:d9cd:1376,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
pendo324,2604:a880:800:10::3cd:f001,pendo,karatkievich.freenode.net
johndrinkwater,steamdb/johndrinkwater.name,John Drinkwater,adams.freenode.net
Boltsie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vtfezlzqefxuvyjq,Boltsie,wilhelm.freenode.net
Fisker,how.i.met.your.developersdevelopersdevelopers.dk,N/A,adams.freenode.net
heinrich5991,unaffiliated/heinrich5991,heinrich5991,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MorgyN,island.morgyn.org,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
OS-16517,unaffiliated/os-16517,wat,tepper.freenode.net
Nevolution,2001:41d0:1008:5b3::,user,wilhelm.freenode.net
Plagman,gw.valvesoftware.com,Pierre-Loup,verne.freenode.net
Mikachu,zsh/developer/Mikachu,mikamika?,leguin.freenode.net
Hal9k,unaffiliated/kusanagi,Hal,barjavel.freenode.net
Contex,2a03:b0c0:2:d0::226:3001,Contex,niven.freenode.net
wickedplayer494,S0106bcd16568841b.wp.shawcable.net,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
tanner,firefox/community/pilif12p,git,adams.freenode.net
JamieH,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zglwkiwrlxnxtnmh,Jamie,leguin.freenode.net
Ac-town,osuosl/staff/actown,actown,wolfe.freenode.net
Wendy,steamdb/itswebscale.gif,https://github.com/xPaw/WendySharp,niven.freenode.net
LuaStoned,luastoned.com,Gregor,wilhelm.freenode.net
xPaw,steamdb/xpaw,https://xpaw.me,niven.freenode.net
imayhaveBORKEDit,ip98-169-5-59.dc.dc.cox.net,daniel,weber.freenode.net
LittleBro,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ghyjjatyginrswpk,LittleBro,karatkievich.freenode.net
eggy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yairhlozomotsuig,eggster,verne.freenode.net
Drunken_F00l,c-24-16-133-152.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,Drunken_F00l,wilhelm.freenode.net
blindpeer,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yzjceaiuyyqqypsl,blind_peer,leguin.freenode.net
jimmydorry,unaffiliated/jimmydorry,jimmydorry,card.freenode.net
noodle,ec2-54-149-106-240.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,noodle,asimov.freenode.net
xcpop,2604:180:2:472::568c,xcpop,leguin.freenode.net
Crendgrim,wesnoth/forum-moderator/crendgrim,Crendgrim,barjavel.freenode.net
Unforgiving,gateway/shell/xshellz/x-efgcmcxzldvdfjvk,.......,wilhelm.freenode.net
Lightkey,p200300764C2EBF6722CF30FFFE083718.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Fabio Till,karatkievich.freenode.net
Johnny-,unaffiliated/johnny-,John,barjavel.freenode.net
Kinsmir,beta.kinsmir.com,Kinsmir,orwell.freenode.net
fusl,unaffiliated/fusl,fusl,adams.freenode.net
Zir0h,vms03.ziroh.be,Zir0h,wolfe.freenode.net
underyx,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::58:7001,Bence Nagy,karatkievich.freenode.net
Funkeh`,WoWUIDev/WoWAce/Ace3/BigWigs/funkeh,funkydude,hitchcock.freenode.net
fyk9,unaffiliated/fyk9,davai,wolfe.freenode.net
vidplace7,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kdegbaljbplgpxld,vid,wolfe.freenode.net
Xphome,213-65-33-153-no170.tbcn.telia.com,3,8Simon Vacker,barjavel.freenode.net
DevinWatson,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sfjagviquphvfstp,DevinWatson,sinisalo.freenode.net
Juesto,rev190-105-167-002.pccp.net.ar,Juest Zungo,orwell.freenode.net
Namidairo,unaffiliated/namidairo,Oh Hai Thar,roddenberry.freenode.net
dagobert________,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wunuqfxplscrgqcw,Dagobert Duck,wolfe.freenode.net
Tobba,h120n3-far-a13.ias.bredband.telia.com,Tobba,rajaniemi.freenode.net
RJackson,rjackson.me,Rob Jackson,wolfe.freenode.net
zylche,unaffiliated/zylche,zylche,rajaniemi.freenode.net
byteframe,unaffiliated/byteframe,byteframe,weber.freenode.net
eeew,188.227.225.163,eeew,adams.freenode.net
fontaine,136.61.50.137,fontaine,hitchcock.freenode.net
cysm,unaffiliated/paracyst,cysm,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rlabrecque,unaffiliated/rlabrecque,rlabrecque,card.freenode.net
ANTRat,72-185-93-141.res.bhn.net,ANTRat!,leguin.freenode.net
duke,unaffiliated/dukey,:D,sinisalo.freenode.net
ruan,unaffiliated/ruan,ruan,wilhelm.freenode.net
Almighty,2001:41d0:2:a8ad::6,lol@yea.ok,wilhelm.freenode.net
Dimbreath,ec2-52-67-206-189.sa-east-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Juan,tepper.freenode.net
ganonmaster,81.4.121.217,ganonmaster,karatkievich.freenode.net
FlyOnTheWall,a88-112-245-93.elisa-laajakaista.fi,FlyOnTheWall,wilhelm.freenode.net
Synecy,2a02:2770:5:0:21a:4aff:fead:8f82,synecy,niven.freenode.net
Fishfish0001,atlantic.kelp.in,Fishfish0001,leguin.freenode.net
CustosL1men,unaffiliated/cust0slim3n,CustosLimen,weber.freenode.net
Choruptian,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::2d5:4001,Chris,niven.freenode.net
GrantN05,unaffiliated/grantn05,GrantN05,orwell.freenode.net
LBJ,13.68.213.200,LBJ,karatkievich.freenode.net
twistedpixels,unaffiliated/twistedpixels,Nick,hitchcock.freenode.net
Floens,unaffiliated/floens,Floens,card.freenode.net
SirCmpwn,irc.sircmpwn.com,Drew DeVault,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
revere,unaffiliated/revere,revere,barjavel.freenode.net
obsedd,2a00:f820:50::1000:3ed5:af16,what,sinisalo.freenode.net
Tark,lagg.me,TaterTark,barjavel.freenode.net
Vauff,vauff.me,Vauff,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Fiskie,unaffiliated/fiskie,Meow,niven.freenode.net
kisak,unaffiliated/kisak,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
handsomematt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qksfqtajacghxjpf,Matt Stevens,wilhelm.freenode.net
thomasross,thomasross.io,Thomas Ross,asimov.freenode.net
CornFly,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qowanbnlxxdssyjg,CornFly,wolfe.freenode.net
iamaspy,162.243.72.90,RJ is a fraud,niven.freenode.net
kanibe,juv34-h02-5-50-139-95.dsl.sta.abo.bbox.fr,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
Stanzilla,WoWUIDev/WowAce/Stanzilla,Stan,orwell.freenode.net
Chrisfu,services.hardc0re.org.uk,Chrisfu,kornbluth.freenode.net
elvador,WoWUIDev/WowAce/Elvador,elvador,orwell.freenode.net
Dazzozo,sauria.dazzozo.com,Daz,hitchcock.freenode.net
GermanDarknes,2a00:1f78:c:a::16:218,Martin - Patrick Pauli,sinisalo.freenode.net
Benjojo,srv-83.nsa.me.uk,Ben Cox,wilhelm.freenode.net
Polsaker,donger/wielder/Polsaker,Polsaker,hitchcock.freenode.net
Niko^,a91-154-134-146.elisa-laajakaista.fi,Niko,adams.freenode.net
Guest51065,87-92-116-250.bb.dnainternet.fi,nnn,asimov.freenode.net
lz1dev,unaffiliated/lz1dev,null,hitchcock.freenode.net
keigel2001,keigel2001.pwnz.org,keigel2001,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sedbot,clsr.net,sedbot,adams.freenode.net
sektour,178.130.7.102,Александр,karatkievich.freenode.net
XMPPwocky,unaffiliated/xmppwocky,XMPPwocky,verne.freenode.net
BOHverkill,unaffiliated/bohverkill,Burkhard Hampl,adams.freenode.net
eisbehr,unaffiliated/eisbehr,eisbehr,adams.freenode.net
xentec,mail.aix0.eu,Xentec,weber.freenode.net
BekarfelPC,74-46-252-232.dr04.ekgv.ca.frontiernet.net,Hazel T. Serra,adams.freenode.net
ChauffeR,unaffiliated/chauffer,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
nephyrin`,nemu.pointysoftware.net,neph,card.freenode.net
KramerC,unaffiliated/kramerc,Kramer,adams.freenode.net
Timmy_,steamdb/duck-hunter,Timmy,barjavel.freenode.net
SSL,unaffiliated/ssl,SSL,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tea,fsf/member/tea,Joe,niven.freenode.net
trfl,62-210-82-123.rev.poneytelecom.eu,ed,orwell.freenode.net
Parnic,distribution.xbins.org,Parnic,card.freenode.net
SteamDB,steamdb/itsfreesoftware.gif,https://steamdb.info/,leguin.freenode.net
soahccc,2a01:4f8:131:206::2,Soahc,adams.freenode.net
Nemesis94,99-198-161-11.mci.googlefiber.net,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
uxp_,hplogsdon.net,HPL,orwell.freenode.net
MrXXIV,cpe-45-37-177-225.nc.res.rr.com,MrXXIV,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mta,52.10.131.237,mta,wolfe.freenode.net
duckydan,192.111.79.220,Dan,asimov.freenode.net
stuart02|away,xenon.stuconnolly.com,Stuart Connolly,barjavel.freenode.net
PhillSparks,pdpc/supporter/active/phillsparks,PhillSparks,card.freenode.net
twisted`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmeuevvcnrsegdxc,twisted,karatkievich.freenode.net
jeansch,schurger.org,Jean Schurger,wilhelm.freenode.net
BlackMaria,dsl.198.58.160.53.ebox.ca,BlackMaria,adams.freenode.net
jordan_c,unaffiliated/jordanc/x-721815,Jordan Conway,leguin.freenode.net
Compu,unaffiliated/compu,Compu,wolfe.freenode.net
Goldman60,wikipedia/Goldman60,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
souther,2605:6400:1:fed5:22:1ac:61c0:e24e,souther,wilhelm.freenode.net
ParkerR,unaffiliated/parkerr,ParkerR,adams.freenode.net
SpeedBus,unaffiliated/speedbus,SpeedBus,barjavel.freenode.net
Bray90820,50-83-212-56.client.mchsi.com,Aaron,orwell.freenode.net
ulili,p5DD71FB8.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,uli,wilhelm.freenode.net
Xe,infoforcefeed/Xe,Xe,weber.freenode.net
rymate1234,2001:41d0:1:9a60::1,Ryan,wilhelm.freenode.net
phkme,atria.uberspace.de,pka wunderbar,orwell.freenode.net
Wayward_One,gateway/shell/firrre/x-eetyigajhmkuyegb,Wayward One,adams.freenode.net
moon127,laa-laa.moon127.net,Gareth Woolridge (Canonical),orwell.freenode.net
wycats,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-smfzvbsbrljmiitl,Yehuda Katz,adams.freenode.net
shinji257,unaffiliated/shinji257,No.  I won't get in the robot.,wolfe.freenode.net
claydoh,ubuntu/member/claydoh,claydoh,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Carbon_Monoxide,119247121106.ctinets.com,Carbon Monoxide,adams.freenode.net
madmattco,quassel.madboxes.cc,mattco,card.freenode.net
stormcloud,mail.newport.net.nz,stormcloud,rajaniemi.freenode.net
GuiltyLemon,unaffiliated/guiltylemon,GuiltyLemon,barjavel.freenode.net
alok,unaffiliated/alok,alok,card.freenode.net
Zesty_,unaffiliated/zestybaby,Zesty,asimov.freenode.net
torriz,unaffiliated/torriz,torriz,wilhelm.freenode.net
dyce_,ns3290920.ip-5-135-184.eu,otr,weber.freenode.net
TariusWork,unaffiliated/tarius,David Tarius,karatkievich.freenode.net
orliesaurus,ec2-52-89-143-177.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,a,weber.freenode.net
fractal,unaffiliated/scounder,fractal,wolfe.freenode.net
BytesAndCoffee,bytes.coffee,yazdmich,adams.freenode.net
caveat,shell.bshellz.net,caveat,wilhelm.freenode.net
taaz,c-71-197-0-193.hsd1.va.comcast.net,David I. Lehn,barjavel.freenode.net
pindarhk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rqnkxnaaggbdpofn,pindarhk,wilhelm.freenode.net
m4nu,mail.digitalbazaar.com,Manu Sporny,barjavel.freenode.net
dlongley_,mail.digitalbazaar.com,Dave Longley,hitchcock.freenode.net
gkellogg,unaffiliated/gkellogg,Gregg Kellogg,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bernalex,gentoo/developer/fsf.member.bernalex,alexander berntsen,barjavel.freenode.net
Duion,x4d0271d8.dyn.telefonica.de,purple,leguin.freenode.net
postman,stendhalgame.org,PircBotX 2.0.1, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bo,barjavel.freenode.net
sdk,unaffiliated/sdk-,sdk,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hendrik,stendhalgame.org,Hendrik Brummermann,adams.freenode.net
sdever,149.91.89.156,Nope.,wolfe.freenode.net
Angedestenebres,Angedestenebres.supportmanager.tedomum.org,Angedestenebres,leguin.freenode.net
funnel,unaffiliated/espiral,funnel,hitchcock.freenode.net
flyback,c-73-154-9-168.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Waterpicker__,2602:306:35ba:ca40:c1d8:57c:486e:55fd,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
ijsf,unaffiliated/ijsf,ijsf,tepper.freenode.net
TiKu[P3D],p508AF3ED.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,purple,orwell.freenode.net
jibanes,65.102.144.2,jason,hitchcock.freenode.net
hecliunyx,45.63.76.107,hecliunyx,leguin.freenode.net
Ham62,wnpgmb1204w-ds01-130-73.dynamic.mtsallstream.net,Graham Downey,tepper.freenode.net
Pharaoh_Atem,47.19.105.250,Conan Kudo,verne.freenode.net
yaros,107.161.17.7,Yaroslav Veremenko,karatkievich.freenode.net
CME,ip9234d04d.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,CME,kornbluth.freenode.net
ROSdb,ip56530dba.direct-adsl.nl,Dick Buitelaar,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Harteex,c-b8fa71d5.05-110-67626724.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,Andreas B,leguin.freenode.net
azizLIGHT,unaffiliated/azizlight,azizLIGHT,hitchcock.freenode.net
PhonicUK,pdpc/supporter/student/phonicuk,PhonicUK,asimov.freenode.net
ghz|afk,reactos/developer/gigaherz,gigaherz,sinisalo.freenode.net
copy`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dksfwoqcoyfmvclk,copy,leguin.freenode.net
torriz,unaffiliated/torriz,torriz,wilhelm.freenode.net
AmineKhaldi_,reactos/developer/BZMaintainer,Amine Khaldi,tepper.freenode.net
timoxley,128.199.65.199,Tim Oxley,barjavel.freenode.net
Twix,twix.ws,Alle Kekse sind meine :P,asimov.freenode.net
slo,irc.fik1.net,i am slo,barjavel.freenode.net
pisarz1958,146.185.168.93,Stefan ?eromski,adams.freenode.net
ggherdov`__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kihzplutqrpubrwv,Giovanni Gherdovich,wolfe.freenode.net
CapsAdmin,ti0115a400-1403.bb.online.no,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
_j0n_____,2001:1868:213:4:5dd:559a:de57:5c49,Jon Baudanza,rajaniemi.freenode.net
encoded,unaffiliated/encoded,roswarrior,verne.freenode.net
MindlessDrone,unaffiliated/mindlessdrone,MindlessDrone,sinisalo.freenode.net
Bryanstein,shellium/admin/bryanstein,Bryan Smith,asimov.freenode.net
Belliash,asiotec/constitutive/belliash,Rafal Kupiec,wilhelm.freenode.net
j00ru,80-219-208-230.dclient.hispeed.ch,j00ru,asimov.freenode.net
Mo0O,unaffiliated/mo0o,steeve,niven.freenode.net
manatails,reactos/tester/manatails,...,weber.freenode.net
r0kc4t,felderundfiguren.de,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
mariorz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gfpsqhlglwjuopaq,mario romero,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ariscop,icookc.lnk.telstra.net,Andrew Cook,wilhelm.freenode.net
hackkitten,HSI-KBW-149-172-240-159.hsi13.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de,realname,tepper.freenode.net
Goplat,reactos/developer/Goplat,Full Name,asimov.freenode.net
[TheFlash],reactos/developer/theflash,[TheFlash],asimov.freenode.net
RosBuild,reactos/ircbot/RosBuild,None,orwell.freenode.net
unC0Rr,reactos/developer/unC0Rr,Andrey,tepper.freenode.net
null_ptr,keksdie.be,Gustav Punkt,rajaniemi.freenode.net
coffee`,169.ip-176-31-165.eu,coffee,tepper.freenode.net
Tristitia,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,One with Darkness,sinisalo.freenode.net
sosho,unaffiliated/renopt,sosho,hitchcock.freenode.net
abragin,reactos/coordinator,...,roddenberry.freenode.net
dos-freak,zentarim.0wnz.at,leecher,rajaniemi.freenode.net
julio_,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-frkkojlxkfvjduwz,julio_,wolfe.freenode.net
pvlase,beta.alwyzon.com,pvlase,karatkievich.freenode.net
RT|Chatzilla,reactos/tester/RT,N/A,tepper.freenode.net
KolibriOS|yogev,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cycltyhjvsoupbjh,Yogev Ezra,barjavel.freenode.net
DeSigna,2404:9400::44:0:1,De Signa,roddenberry.freenode.net
lentin,95.78.156.197,Dmitry Chapyshev,card.freenode.net
okami41,162.243.163.72,Sam Sharps,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cosmos,62-47-18-221.adsl.highway.telekom.at,ShalokShalom,hitchcock.freenode.net
valerius,2a01:4f8:d16:2052::2,Valery V. Sedletski,wolfe.freenode.net
smeevil,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-cnzhbpihercrcxob,smeevil,sinisalo.freenode.net
stareye,openmafia.org,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
pdm0205,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-euewqsdqebrdeafe,pdm0205,adams.freenode.net
D9,104.236.71.143,Paul",karatkievich.freenode.net
hamsheet,87.121.52.173,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mikeplus32,unaffiliated/mikeplus64,mike,niven.freenode.net
ggs,2001:41d0:51:1::15e6,ggs,karatkievich.freenode.net
JStoker,unaffiliated/jstoker,JStoker,niven.freenode.net
CustosL1men,unaffiliated/cust0slim3n,CustosLimen,weber.freenode.net
Meanderthal,32.211.231.67,U.Ser,rajaniemi.freenode.net
TroniQ89,unaffiliated/troniQ89,CLEMENT - TRONIQ89,barjavel.freenode.net
Oksana,Maemo/community/ex-council/Wikiwide,IWNice,orwell.freenode.net
mf,reactos/developer/mf,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
SirCmpwn,irc.sircmpwn.com,Drew DeVault,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
multihunter,unaffiliated/multihunter,ZNC by #HyperIRC - http://hyperirc.net,card.freenode.net
Stuzz,58-6-142-146.dyn.iinet.net.au,Stuzz,hitchcock.freenode.net
lecx,yuuh.pw,lex,rajaniemi.freenode.net
workbench,wnpgmb0311w-ds01-66-114.dynamic.mtsallstream.net,Admin,wilhelm.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
Stefan_Fulea|afk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bidjttzinuptewkt,micron_rt,wilhelm.freenode.net
tower,reactos/tester/tower,speaking yoda as well,sinisalo.freenode.net
alk,unaffiliated/alk,:,weber.freenode.net
thcfr13nd,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.78.50.218.190,thc.fr13nd,leguin.freenode.net
lxpz_,shiki.adnab.me,Alex Auvolat,karatkievich.freenode.net
tfgbd,2002:2d3e:f754::2d3e:f754,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
BGL,75-149-171-58-Washington.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,BGLWrK,barjavel.freenode.net
lynxis,unaffiliated/lynxis,lynxis lazus,verne.freenode.net
wxl,linuxpadawan/master/wxl,http://polka.bike,adams.freenode.net
Vrtule,im.vpsfree.cz,Martin Drab,sinisalo.freenode.net
Zesty_,unaffiliated/zestybaby,Zesty,asimov.freenode.net
auronandace,2a02:c7d:4427:e200:f489:67f9:a055:2c85,auronandace,karatkievich.freenode.net
PurpleGirl,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.68.67.251.17,PurpleGirl,hitchcock.freenode.net
Se7en,unaffiliated/se7en,Sevean,orwell.freenode.net
any0ne,unaffiliated/any0ne,nobody,hitchcock.freenode.net
HeisSpiter,reactos/developer/Pierre,Pierre Schweitzer,wolfe.freenode.net
Mysoft,unaffiliated/mysoft,Limp Bizkit User,wilhelm.freenode.net
Gynvael,80-219-208-230.dclient.hispeed.ch,Gynvael Coldwind,barjavel.freenode.net
KnownSyntax,unaffiliated/knownsyntax,KnownSyntax,wolfe.freenode.net
marcelius,stalkr.net,nolose,hitchcock.freenode.net
neoman,falloutshelter.de,catch me if you can,verne.freenode.net
meshugga,amd.co.at,Philip,card.freenode.net
auganov,gateway/shell/firrre/x-adkrketpjgzzwqzc,Dosiex,rajaniemi.freenode.net
finchd,aron.dfin.ch,Donovan Finch <finchd@dfin.ch>,asimov.freenode.net
firstlast,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ruqxjxwhtkhznjnh,firstlast2,wilhelm.freenode.net
s_20,xinutec.org,Simon Krämer,karatkievich.freenode.net
panzeroceania,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fwkmydtndujrmygl,Tim Lawrence,wilhelm.freenode.net
develCuy,unaffiliated/develcuy,no realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
Tsesarevich,fluxbuntu/founder/joejaxx,Otshelnik,adams.freenode.net
kirokusha,unaffiliated/kirokusha,kirokusha,barjavel.freenode.net
Pi_User5,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-wdlekfpmnuxxwkyz,Jared,karatkievich.freenode.net
gdelecourt,cable-85.28.81.232.coditel.net,Guillaume Delecourt,card.freenode.net
hTechBot,reactos/ircbot/TechBot,Anonymous,leguin.freenode.net
RosKGB,svn.reactos.org,RosKGB,asimov.freenode.net
chungy,2001:0:53aa:64c:2830:23e3:e7ee:f2cc,Mike Swanson,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Redfoxmoon,177.92-221-236.customer.lyse.net,Redfox,wolfe.freenode.net
zigmoo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-salzdhcjjoyzcnda,Jason Ziegler,wilhelm.freenode.net
MelchiorGaspar,c-73-219-104-206.hsd1.nh.comcast.net,Joseph DeVore,verne.freenode.net
dustinm`,149.56.14.68,dustinm,wolfe.freenode.net
Usurp|zZz,reactos/developer/Usurp,Sylvain Petreolle,barjavel.freenode.net
clamstar,162.243.230.189,znc,hitchcock.freenode.net
valeriusq,2a01:4f8:d16:2052::2,???????????? Quassel IRC,adams.freenode.net
Rasekov,159.133.117.91.dynamic.reverse-mundo-r.com,realname,weber.freenode.net
grandy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ifbcbqkjtvifbqgf,Grandis McFaddon Lovejoy,wilhelm.freenode.net
opios,unaffiliated/opios,Johan,orwell.freenode.net
_Fox,ppp-81-25-57-96.ultranet.ru,xxx,tepper.freenode.net
illu,unaffiliated/illu,i,wolfe.freenode.net
timeless,firefox/developer/timeless,timeless,karatkievich.freenode.net
windragon,unaffiliated/alvinhochun,-,wolfe.freenode.net
Super-Human,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-utaviklsdohhoxjd,SuperHuman,adams.freenode.net
MDude,c-73-187-225-46.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,MDude,wolfe.freenode.net
Yuntian,2602:302:d10a:dbd0:713c:cc9:dfcc:2521,Yunrian Zhang,niven.freenode.net
Damme,2001:16d8:cc75::1337,Daniel,adams.freenode.net
jfisk87,50-1-126-237.dsl.static.fusionbroadband.com,Textual User,karatkievich.freenode.net
Smjert,unaffiliated/smjert,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
pinchy,cpe-66-25-32-230.tx.res.rr.com,Lord Interface,wolfe.freenode.net
APLU,eva.aplu.fr,Aymeric (and you lost the game),niven.freenode.net
lexxxx,hattara.com,lex,rajaniemi.freenode.net
elhoir,46.25.56.89,realname,verne.freenode.net
writed,176.59.151.191,Замабувараев Эрик,hitchcock.freenode.net
dan1,45.125.244.61,dan,orwell.freenode.net
saintromuald__,dynamic-acs-24-239-99-170.zoominternet.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
Malmis,h-155-4-131-83.na.cust.bahnhof.se,Malmis,roddenberry.freenode.net
`Ivan,stalkr.net,ivan,verne.freenode.net
stux,37.48.121.205,stux,card.freenode.net
bolt_,unaffiliated/bolt,-,leguin.freenode.net
DopefishJustin,S01060024a5d50d03.pk.shawcable.net,butts lol,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cbdev,hieristdas.internetzuen.de,fnord,leguin.freenode.net
k0nsl,unaffiliated/k0nsl,k0nsl (i.am@k0nsl.org),rajaniemi.freenode.net
rafalcpp,84-10-11-234.static.chello.pl,Rafal Cpp,tepper.freenode.net
Lowl3v3l,dslb-094-218-188-141.094.218.pools.vodafone-ip.de,realname,adams.freenode.net
JernejL_,cpe-146-212-68-147.dynamic.amis.net,JernejL,wilhelm.freenode.net
dagelf,ns8.wish.org.za,Coenraad Loubser,rajaniemi.freenode.net
GenLuxx,unaffiliated/cptluxx,LtLuxx,tepper.freenode.net
nushor,unaffiliated/nushor,nushor,karatkievich.freenode.net
pooler,unaffiliated/pooler,pooler,adams.freenode.net
ppanther,server2.shellfire.net,shroudBNC User,card.freenode.net
ahmed_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bbuwknkwrmnvhvet,ahmedbodi,wolfe.freenode.net
luke-jr,unaffiliated/luke-jr,Luke Dashjr,hitchcock.freenode.net
serraz,unaffiliated/serraz,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
kha0Z,108.170.26.210,khaos,,,,adams.freenode.net
setkeh,unaffiliated/setkeh,setkeh,card.freenode.net
proyvind,nanardon.zarb.org,Per Øyvind Karlsen,card.freenode.net
Ducky^,ks361234.kimsufi.com,Ducky,weber.freenode.net
jvb,37.157.197.24,jvb,rajaniemi.freenode.net
petrisi,limbo.freebsd.fi,Petri Simolin,tepper.freenode.net
zumbi,39-244-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,zumbi,leguin.freenode.net
smokex_,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-vrcpoxmpjflaqytj,smokex,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dlavso,host191-19-dynamic.8-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,real dlavso,hitchcock.freenode.net
rokka,109.204.235.59,rokka,rajaniemi.freenode.net
aufhaxer,v220120913931923099.yourvserver.net,root,hitchcock.freenode.net
rotanid,irc.rotanid.de,rotanid,wolfe.freenode.net
privatereese,new.behosting.de,privatereese,wilhelm.freenode.net
ll,2607:5300:60:2a14::1,bandito,wilhelm.freenode.net
mastyman,219.88.232.247,Dan,weber.freenode.net
xelra,unaffiliated/xelra,Xel'Ra,adams.freenode.net
Rawh,92.63.169.237,Aefa5f,barjavel.freenode.net
lad1337b,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qwblxjqnytzxklwn,lad1337,wolfe.freenode.net
aeonsablaze,aeonsablaze.com,aeons,asimov.freenode.net
Slashbunny,cpe-69-204-44-44.buffalo.res.rr.com,Slash Bunny,sinisalo.freenode.net
Labrys,2607:3f00:11:500::f,Labrys,karatkievich.freenode.net
tripflex,unaffiliated/tripflex,tripflex,card.freenode.net
Red_M,unaffiliated/red-m/x-93568202,Red_M,leguin.freenode.net
adhawkins,musicbrainz/user/adhawkins,Andy Hawkins,wolfe.freenode.net
markus101,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nrlubiakkijpgiua,markus101,wilhelm.freenode.net
_zoggy_,unaffiliated/-zoggy-/x-6147521,FullName,barjavel.freenode.net
Lacriatch,ns510295.ip-198-27-69.net,Lacriatch,sinisalo.freenode.net
miigotu,2001:470:1f07:55d::24,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
ravno,195.154.35.115,ravno,sinisalo.freenode.net
Kins,kin.is.super.awesome.remuria.net,Chris M,karatkievich.freenode.net
KingJ,2001:41d0:2:8f36:1::1,KJ,rajaniemi.freenode.net
spuniun,kamino.doesntexist.org,spuniun,asimov.freenode.net
Taloth,unaffiliated/taloth,Taloth Saldono,hitchcock.freenode.net
holucon,104.223.64.191,holucon,hitchcock.freenode.net
sea3pea0,2607:5300:60:e7b::1,Mr. Pea,rajaniemi.freenode.net
NMe84,tyrion.devven.nl,NMe,verne.freenode.net
beardface,unaffiliated/bearface,bearface,sinisalo.freenode.net
Bent0,2a03:b0c0:0:1010::398:b001,Bent0,karatkievich.freenode.net
Hecz,unaffiliated/hecz,Hecz,hitchcock.freenode.net
PimpMob,75-20-136-209.lightspeed.kscymo.sbcglobal.net,JayWo Test,adams.freenode.net
betrayed,flexo.angrycoder.org,betrayed,wilhelm.freenode.net
ljunkie,207.115.88.87,RR,wolfe.freenode.net
M0UL,unaffiliated/m0ul,M0UL,wolfe.freenode.net
Liminaly,40.68.30.169,Liminaly,karatkievich.freenode.net
gueest173098,2c0f:f738:2004:47::,Liminaly,sinisalo.freenode.net
supergonkas,2001:470:1f07:55d::25,whois,karatkievich.freenode.net
SickBot,catbread.info,/msg chanserv hello,karatkievich.freenode.net
Magne,84-52-247.248.3p.ntebredband.no,Magne Mæhre,wilhelm.freenode.net
Foxboron,3.62-97-204.bkkb.no,fox,sinisalo.freenode.net
Fuzzy76,matilda.fuzzy76.net,@fuzzy76:fuzzy76.net,leguin.freenode.net
SB16,91.205.187.219,Marius Hole,leguin.freenode.net
sjn,hagbart.nvg.ntnu.no,sjn,card.freenode.net
_404`d|,51.175.105.18,YOU'LL NEVER KNOW,asimov.freenode.net
xenadu,nerdhaven.nuug.no,Thomas Gramstad,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
opm,unaffiliated/opm,Pri,orwell.freenode.net
dwarfman367,99-92-212-97.lightspeed.sntcca.sbcglobal.net,dwarfman367,card.freenode.net
gde33,546A1876.cm-12-3a.dynamic.ziggo.nl,0,wolfe.freenode.net
Malvolio,unaffiliated/malvolio,Malvolio,tepper.freenode.net
Sinclair6,108-75-18-87.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net,Sinclair6,wilhelm.freenode.net
Oranjer,45-30-113-104.lightspeed.clmasc.sbcglobal.net,purple,karatkievich.freenode.net
jjjjjj,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fjirjnaxhesfcqcg,jjjjjj,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
swoolley,sourcemage/wizard/swoolley,Seth A Woolley,tepper.freenode.net
Nugs,unaffiliated/stoned/bot/nugs,/join ##stoned,niven.freenode.net
mangos,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qcpktmmzlaihkmyb,mangos,adams.freenode.net
stoned,howstoned.ru,Nyle,wilhelm.freenode.net
ar,paludis/monkey/arachnist,Robert Gerus,wolfe.freenode.net
mciancia|znc,194.42.111.90,..,card.freenode.net
implr,hackerspace.pl,implr,card.freenode.net
q3k,psychosis.q3k.org,q3k,card.freenode.net
mlen,hawk.aquila.re,Mateusz Lenik,barjavel.freenode.net
dfgg,195-154-165-176.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Damian K,tepper.freenode.net
repost,repost.is-a.cat,https://github.com/arachnist/gorepost,kornbluth.freenode.net
Pilate,infoforcefeed/pilate,Bentham,asimov.freenode.net
zol1,31.208.76.60,Bengt Ericsson,card.freenode.net
extorr,unaffiliated/extor,extor,hitchcock.freenode.net
apejens,numbat.inamo.no,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
decay,87-236-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,decay,adams.freenode.net
kanzure,unaffiliated/kanzure,Bryan Bishop,weber.freenode.net
kriskropd,unaffiliated/kriskropd,kris,card.freenode.net
JCaesar,liftm.de,Julius,roddenberry.freenode.net
Connorhd,fractal.connorhd.co.uk,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
jucaroba,89.129.149.44,Ju Ca Ro Ba,,,,wilhelm.freenode.net
emilsedgh,kde/developer/esedgh,Emil Sedgh,hitchcock.freenode.net
shennyg,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zhjbpfhcpwkqxbow,shennyg,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Xat`,51.178.149.77.rev.sfr.net,Xat`,barjavel.freenode.net
AustinMatherne,li1047-129.members.linode.com,Austin M. Matherne,card.freenode.net
bdesmet,fedora/biertie,Bert Desmet,adams.freenode.net
icedev,0x62.de,Manuel Herrmann,card.freenode.net
harrow,68.ip-149-56-14.net,harrow,weber.freenode.net
Cork,firefox/community/cork,Cork,rajaniemi.freenode.net
phendryx,d118-75-139-229.col.wideopenwest.com,ZNC - http://znc.in,rajaniemi.freenode.net
AlgorithmWizard,buranintu.com,AlgorithmWizard,hitchcock.freenode.net
daemon,hostname.racing,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
tobie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jtvduwimryemhsmf,Tobie Langel,wolfe.freenode.net
Druid05,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wpqvzwyjqmnuixda,Druid,leguin.freenode.net
TooMuchPete,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xtgaedcnnztakhnt,Pete Holiday,adams.freenode.net
cannap,1.ipv6.aegir.superbnc.com,cannap superbnc.com,wilhelm.freenode.net
ramblinpeck,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lrmwliqypxvwfnba,Daniel Peck,sinisalo.freenode.net
hfp_work,mtrlpq0736w-lp130-03-70-52-83-177.dsl.bell.ca,blip,orwell.freenode.net
ntucker,67.207.137.89,Neal Tucker,card.freenode.net
nolanlawson,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wlwmechixvfobnow,Nolan Lawson,sinisalo.freenode.net
Rastaman,host185-37-dynamic.14-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,Rastaman,leguin.freenode.net
Lizard,92.109.63.100,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
Gentle,quassel/contributors/gentle,Ramon Klass,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Elfish,84.201.30.174,hi!,barjavel.freenode.net
Vgr,lykos/making-and-breaking-all-the-things/Vgr,Vgr E. Barry,orwell.freenode.net
jwheare,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ebjglxzmwixdgcmj,James Wheare,adams.freenode.net
ilbelkyr,atheme/ilbelkyr,bcode,karatkievich.freenode.net
zerkalo,ny1.hashbang.sh,myricae,adams.freenode.net
AntiSpamMeta,AntiSpamMeta/.,http://antispammeta.net,leguin.freenode.net
KindOne,freenude/topless/kindone,...,leguin.freenode.net
DBoyz,lightning.bouncer.ml,DBoyz,wilhelm.freenode.net
dan-,freenode/corporate-sponsor/privateinternetaccess.com/doaks,Nyan nyan,sinisalo.freenode.net
JZTech101,techcavern/staff/bfnt.jztech101,Julian Zhou,leguin.freenode.net
zzzADC,107.173.42.153,zzzADC,weber.freenode.net
nyuszika7h,lykos/dev/nyuszika7h,nyuszika7h,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Not-ba84,198.199.82.216,Notifico! - http://n.tkte.ch/,asimov.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
Renegade334,unaffiliated/renegade334,iter non destinatum fruere,kornbluth.freenode.net
MrC,mrbenc.net,Ben,asimov.freenode.net
_jungh4ns,static.184.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,junghans,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tacocat,unaffiliated/glolol,James,wilhelm.freenode.net
juggs,unaffiliated/cryptotheslow,juggs,karatkievich.freenode.net
abra0,unaffiliated/abra0,abra_abra,kornbluth.freenode.net
mt,atheme/mteufel,M. Teufel <mteufel@urandom.eu.org>,niven.freenode.net
Caroline,botters/nyuszika7h/bot/caroline,♪ While you're dying I'll be still alive ♪,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kingkong|,chatq.net,www.ChatQ.Net @ Owner,karatkievich.freenode.net
Nymeria,unaffiliated/ishanyx/bot/nymeria,ishanyx's useless IRC bot,weber.freenode.net
siniStar,atheme/siniStar,Austin - https://www.IRC4Fun.net,wolfe.freenode.net
ManiacTwister,2a01:4f8:192:4ad::32c3,ManiacTwister,leguin.freenode.net
Melody\Concerto,wikipedia/Melody-Concerto,I'm just a ~Girly Girl and a ~Goofy Guy~,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
nadio,unaffiliated/nadio,nadio,leguin.freenode.net
swoolley,sourcemage/wizard/swoolley,Seth A Woolley,tepper.freenode.net
Rikle_S,w00t.fh.gd,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
Tucky,insole.laas.fr,PhML,verne.freenode.net
trebuh,unaffiliated/trebuh,trebuh,weber.freenode.net
newbi5sur10|2,ip-81-11-226-33.dsl.scarlet.be,KVIrc 4.2.0 Equilibrium http://kvirc.net/,card.freenode.net
NiReaS,ks360495.kimsufi.com,NiReaS,asimov.freenode.net
amz3,unaffiliated/abki,amz3,leguin.freenode.net
pinkieval,pdpc/supporter/student/progval,Val Lorentz,sinisalo.freenode.net
vamps,62-210-211-135.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Thibault,adams.freenode.net
gko,2400:8900::f03c:91ff:fe70:e605,gko,leguin.freenode.net
jpcw,mailer.camguilhem.net,Jean-Philippe Camguilhem,niven.freenode.net
philpep,unaffiliated/philpep,philpep,card.freenode.net
crowd42,ca.tdct.org,crowd42,tepper.freenode.net
d-fence,host-85-201-64-140.dynamic.voo.be,christophe,,,,adams.freenode.net
Visual`,unaffiliated/visualstation,Brice Lilot,wolfe.freenode.net
niluje,212.83.162.172,niluje,hitchcock.freenode.net
darvon,107.191.100.185,darvon,wilhelm.freenode.net
NaPs,vai94-5-88-190-237-76.fbxo.proxad.net,NaPs,wolfe.freenode.net
jaes,LFbn-1-520-103.w86-245.abo.wanadoo.fr,francois,karatkievich.freenode.net
davlefou,unaffiliated/davlefou,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
blaisebool,octavia.celestia.licorn.eu,blaisebool,orwell.freenode.net
piti,pdpc/supporter/active/piti,me,adams.freenode.net
Aristide,2a01:e35:2f4a:7450:c2:8ff:fec1:936b,Demesmescouilles,adams.freenode.net
chrysaor,2001:41d0:1:e0d2::1,chrysa,adams.freenode.net
deadbrain,151.ip-51-254-203.eu,Khrogos,hitchcock.freenode.net
mortalius,unaffiliated/mortalius,mortalius,hitchcock.freenode.net
mdegura,134.117.39.62.rev.sfr.net,realname,niven.freenode.net
Mowee,195-154-194-139.rev.poneytelecom.eu,_mowee,asimov.freenode.net
olb,caoudeyre.nebkha.net,olb,karatkievich.freenode.net
tonthon,ks37417.kimsufi.com,gaston,niven.freenode.net
amz32,LStLambert-658-1-240-25.w80-15.abo.wanadoo.fr,amz3,karatkievich.freenode.net
Velociraptor,helium.progval.net,http://xkcd.com/135/,orwell.freenode.net
c0riolis,2607:5300:60:2885::1,Matthieu Tardy,niven.freenode.net
Pat2,LAubervilliers-656-1-269-123.w193-248.abo.wanadoo.fr,New Now Know How,adams.freenode.net
kaeshiwaza,62-210-247-245.rev.poneytelecom.eu,kaeshiwaza,wolfe.freenode.net
Sp4rKy,freenode/sponsor/domogik.founder.sp4rky,Maxence DUNNEWIND,asimov.freenode.net
tragique,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nkfhtmfbbtbbsbdf,tragique,wilhelm.freenode.net
voileux,mail.paulla.asso.fr,simon,sinisalo.freenode.net
nojhan,pdpc/supporter/active/nojhan,Noj Han,leguin.freenode.net
pbienaim,unaffiliated/pbienaim,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
Lina,unaffiliated/linasovereign,Lina Sovereign,niven.freenode.net
bab00n,5.135.186.90,baboon,rajaniemi.freenode.net
toxinu,222.ip-51-254-203.eu,Geoffrey Lehée (previously Socketubs),barjavel.freenode.net
Marmotte,unaffiliated/marmotte,Marmotte,karatkievich.freenode.net
talanor2,ns332862.ip-37-187-125.eu,talanor,wolfe.freenode.net
dmonzat,134.117.39.62.rev.sfr.net,David Monzat,sinisalo.freenode.net
martius,hashmap.martiusweb.net,Martin,wolfe.freenode.net
sebastienb,ns387061.ip-176-31-247.eu,sebastienb,asimov.freenode.net
natim,gateway/web/mozilla/x-hzyvhkrqzoclhokr,Remy Hubscher,karatkievich.freenode.net
saimn,vks10752.ip-37-59-124.eu,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
barzogh,pdpc/supporter/active/barzogh,barzogh,card.freenode.net
mathieui,5.51.204.241,mathieui,orwell.freenode.net
flaf,sumsum.flaf.fr,Francois Lafont,card.freenode.net
Mo0O,unaffiliated/mo0o,steeve,niven.freenode.net
Hobbestigrou,xvm-0-13.ghst.net,Natal Ngetal,verne.freenode.net
matrixise,mx1.wirtel.be,Stéphane Wirtel,tepper.freenode.net
bratik,unaffiliated/bratik,bratik,sinisalo.freenode.net
Chipster1,unaffiliated/chipsterone,Chipster,barjavel.freenode.net
HS-157,161.70.5.93.rev.sfr.net,HS-157,asimov.freenode.net
lastmikoi,vm-01.lastmikoi.net,lastmikoi,kornbluth.freenode.net
sandeepkr,103.49.155.114,realname,orwell.freenode.net
Popov_,cvl92-4-88-182-127-98.fbx.proxad.net,Popov,verne.freenode.net
nadley,vel78-2-82-243-104-234.fbx.proxad.net,nadley,,,,hitchcock.freenode.net
lseb,ns3006742.ip-151-80-42.eu,sleduc,adams.freenode.net
seblu,archlinux/developer/seblu,Seb Lu,leguin.freenode.net
Lcaracol,unaffiliated/lcaracol,dreeepc,,,,orwell.freenode.net
TTris,unaffiliated/ttris,realname,asimov.freenode.net
feth,ile-flottante.tuttu.info,Feth Arezki,asimov.freenode.net
Jikan,noein.haruka.fr,Jikan,leguin.freenode.net
MatToufoutu,unaffiliated/mattoufoutu,MaT,karatkievich.freenode.net
cf,sys.daztar.com,cf,weber.freenode.net
enikar,chezlefab.net,enikar,rajaniemi.freenode.net
yam,the.cloudsucks.net,yam,sinisalo.freenode.net
Soqaris,tribout.me,soqaris,verne.freenode.net
nheir,died.re,nheir@,hitchcock.freenode.net
metathink,unaffiliated/metathink,:o),niven.freenode.net
Ool,unaffiliated/ool,Ool,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tenhi,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,Kauan,sinisalo.freenode.net
nil0x42,95.141.17.4,nil0x42,barjavel.freenode.net
bougie,214.ip-37-187-67.eu,appartland,orwell.freenode.net
Llew,212.129.0.137,Llew,adams.freenode.net
parallel21,45.55.185.38,parallel,adams.freenode.net
maurris,unaffiliated/maurris,maurris,barjavel.freenode.net
haypo,pdpc/supporter/active/haypo,Victor Stinner,wolfe.freenode.net
Moonlight-Angel,eth-east-parth2-46-193-65-193.wb.wifirst.net,realname,orwell.freenode.net
yen0p,yenop.fr,yen0p,asimov.freenode.net
Yoda-BZH,unaffiliated/yoda-bzh,Yoda-BZH,barjavel.freenode.net
xrogaan,gateway/shell/firrre/x-tfmwdmavkavabwba,xrogaan,adams.freenode.net
gordonzola,212.129.4.87,gordon,wolfe.freenode.net
kiorky,131.39.26.109.rev.sfr.net,Mathieu Le Marec - Pasquet,wilhelm.freenode.net
titilambert,titilambert.org,Thibault Cohen,hitchcock.freenode.net
Haseo,aufrinfo.net,Haseo,wilhelm.freenode.net
tim42,root.atsys.eu,%!#,barjavel.freenode.net
pkv1,176.67.93.77,pkv,asimov.freenode.net
lionel,91.224.149.14,Lionel Porcheron,leguin.freenode.net
arf`,trois.potager.org,arf,verne.freenode.net
toniob,2001:bc8:311d:beef:15c::1,Anthony Bourguignon,wolfe.freenode.net
grenoya,haiku.zarb.org,Claire Revillet,niven.freenode.net
number80,fedora/number80,80,weber.freenode.net
iooner,2001:41d0:a:5b1d::1:20,iooner,wilhelm.freenode.net
asyd,gendo.asyd.net,__plop__,verne.freenode.net
avelldiroll,unaffiliated/avelldiroll,plantigrade,verne.freenode.net
skyice,unaffiliated/skyice,skyice,wilhelm.freenode.net
Calinou,unaffiliated/calinou,Calinou,hitchcock.freenode.net
btall,ns325362.ip-37-187-105.eu,Anonymous,orwell.freenode.net
kinnou,soliphium.rilynett.com,alexandre jacquin,barjavel.freenode.net
nahuel,barbot.ahtna.org,Nahuel,hitchcock.freenode.net
gawel,amandine.bearstech.com,gael,niven.freenode.net
Mindiell,kepler.mindiell.net,Mindiell,asimov.freenode.net
ed,2001:bc8:280a:1:5054:ff:feba:da26,Laurent Coustet,wolfe.freenode.net
lau,unaffiliated/lau,lau,wilhelm.freenode.net
finwevi,lunar.finwe.net,finwe,adams.freenode.net
lxpz_,shiki.adnab.me,Alex Auvolat,karatkievich.freenode.net
octave,unaffiliated/octave,realname,adams.freenode.net
Glorf,2a01:e35:8bed:a60:52cd:c35:687a:e6a,glorf,wolfe.freenode.net
TychoBrahe,ns1.what.tf,-_-,wolfe.freenode.net
Dyonisos,unaffiliated/dyonisos,Groscheri,orwell.freenode.net
kanor,unaffiliated/kanor,kanor,adams.freenode.net
k4nar,ns25757.ip-91-121-75.eu,yannick,weber.freenode.net
cyrilb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ntwahvfubcfxhoeu,Cyril Bouthors,adams.freenode.net
BeeBob,unaffiliated/beebob,Bouh,wolfe.freenode.net
SirPuffy,2a01cb0603e0eb00000105ee0badc0de.ipv6.abo.wanadoo.fr,Matthieu ANGELI,niven.freenode.net
koollman,sp1.kooll.info,koollman,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cyp__,46.249.37.186,cyp,kornbluth.freenode.net
NelleV,unaffiliated/nellev,Nelle Varoquaux,wolfe.freenode.net
mdk,163.172.212.90,mandark,barjavel.freenode.net
monsieurp,gentoo/developer/monsieurp,bar,weber.freenode.net
thib,wikimedia/Thibaut120094,Thibaut,weber.freenode.net
neith,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xepgkfttxiyqinvv,neith,adams.freenode.net
cyp,91.226.29.42,Cyprien Le Pannérer,barjavel.freenode.net
chets,unaffiliated/chets,chets,orwell.freenode.net
ChOcO-Bn,149.202.190.7,choco,orwell.freenode.net
Vgr,lykos/making-and-breaking-all-the-things/Vgr,Vgr E. Barry,orwell.freenode.net
linovia,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bzxyakxpczcseepw,xordoquy,wilhelm.freenode.net
Zou,91.160.33.204,Ta,barjavel.freenode.net
frak,sake.asanebo.net,frak,asimov.freenode.net
Sandlayth,unaffiliated/kaliiiixx,kalix,tepper.freenode.net
foxmask,unaffiliated/foxmask,foxmask,card.freenode.net
xcombelle,ysul.nasqueron.org,User Xcombelle,orwell.freenode.net
murasakiiru,195.154.45.193,Murasakiiru,barjavel.freenode.net
calculon,2a01:e34:ee1d:4dc0:2ac2:ddff:fec5:c0eb,realname,adams.freenode.net
Xenthys,bfnt/staff/botters.xenthys,Dylan Ysmal,card.freenode.net
palinf,dsl-85-10-118-12.internet.lu,palinf,sinisalo.freenode.net
defane,ring0.re,defane,karatkievich.freenode.net
juke,vir91-6-82-245-131-154.fbx.proxad.net,juke,rajaniemi.freenode.net
fra^,94.228.183.4,frawrk,leguin.freenode.net
term-inal,134.117.39.62.rev.sfr.net,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
pkv,87-231-36-164.rev.numericable.fr,pkv,leguin.freenode.net
XeL64,217.119.176.190,XeL64,barjavel.freenode.net
KiwiDash,gordon.kokakiwi.net,Koka El Kiwi,card.freenode.net
_AleX_,2a03:7220:8081:ad01:215:e9ff:feda:6652,Alexandre GUY,sinisalo.freenode.net
BitK,bi.tk,philip_l,karatkievich.freenode.net
mangala,208.68.95.138,AS31334 AS12732 AS44716,wolfe.freenode.net
pfallenop,unaffiliated/contempt,paralela,rajaniemi.freenode.net
TrueKhaos,w0017-1-78-222-120-30.fbx.proxad.net,Textual User,wilhelm.freenode.net
sebcorbin,62-210-220-58.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Sebastien Corbin,wilhelm.freenode.net
Lagoon,excellency.alwaysdata.net,Lagoon,barjavel.freenode.net
ionzee,unaffiliated/ionzee,ionzee,barjavel.freenode.net
markand,unaffiliated/markand,David Demelier,weber.freenode.net
FabTG_,142.ip-37-59-108.eu,ftg,karatkievich.freenode.net
Yakulu,163-172-24-78.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Fabien,wolfe.freenode.net
rpappalax,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hwncqfnqnflhsxlr,Richard Pappalardo,sinisalo.freenode.net
ark--,christophe.typhon.net,ark,tepper.freenode.net
cyberj,bearstech/cyberj,Charpentier Johan,adams.freenode.net
nesthib,unaffiliated/nesthib,nesthib,barjavel.freenode.net
waloo,195-154-217-16.rev.poneytelecom.eu,waloo,barjavel.freenode.net
rach_____,3.47.194.77.rev.sfr.net,realname,adams.freenode.net
gwenael,devcore.eu.org,gwenael pellen,wilhelm.freenode.net
carxwol,kvas.hexecho.net,Stephane Kanschine,karatkievich.freenode.net
flo|va-nu-pied,unaffiliated/flovanupied/x-758957,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
Xel,carida.xelnor.net,Raphaël Barrois,asimov.freenode.net
mithro,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qncttiyftwgszozp,Tim 'mithro' Ansell,leguin.freenode.net
[d__d],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hyadez,01111010.01101110.01100011.firrre.com,Aayush Ahuja,wilhelm.freenode.net
tpb,162.209.96.165,Thousand Parsec IRC Bot,kornbluth.freenode.net
wanig,nat-1.ensmp.fr,Erwann,card.freenode.net
blackbird,remote.weblappark.hu,blackbird,adams.freenode.net
mufy,191.101.238.120,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
cvk,remote.weblappark.hu,cvk,adams.freenode.net
GeorgX,79.120.228.38,Schvarcz György,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
NormHome,2602:306:31b8:8f80:9ce6:561e:abdb:b581,Norm Reitzel,wilhelm.freenode.net
HoobDesk,toroon0409w-lp140-01-174-91-169-238.dsl.bell.ca,do not taunt happy fun hoob,weber.freenode.net
JayneAtHome,cpe-76-184-124-124.tx.res.rr.com,JayneAtHome,hitchcock.freenode.net
Quipu,h42.16.31.71.dynamic.ip.windstream.net,Quipu,asimov.freenode.net
JayneAtWork,rrcs-64-183-241-186.sw.biz.rr.com,JayneAtWork,tepper.freenode.net
n9ds,208.68.56.125,mabel,card.freenode.net
donh,cpe-98-30-157-214.columbus.res.rr.com,moo,orwell.freenode.net
joat_,104-176-119-111.lightspeed.toldoh.sbcglobal.net,Don Hindenach,hitchcock.freenode.net
n2iko,ool-457b82fa.dyn.optonline.net,Just Ask Me,asimov.freenode.net
AlHaz,166.70.73.47,realname,asimov.freenode.net
n9ds-15,208.68.56.125,Spotty's Owner,adams.freenode.net
fariseo,real.wilbury.sk,Euro Zero,asimov.freenode.net
joat--,104-176-119-111.lightspeed.toldoh.sbcglobal.net,Calvin,card.freenode.net
nana64bit,70.48.210.180,Miles,asimov.freenode.net
DerekMac,h42.16.31.71.dynamic.ip.windstream.net,Derek Decker,asimov.freenode.net
max_work,63.229.97.67,fooking_work,verne.freenode.net
_Derek_,h42.16.31.71.dynamic.ip.windstream.net,Derek J Decker,hitchcock.freenode.net
Hoobian__,toroon0409w-lp140-01-174-91-169-238.dsl.bell.ca,Hoobian,orwell.freenode.net
sofaking,ip98-177-239-82.ph.ph.cox.net,...,leguin.freenode.net
fesnel,fowl.fesnel.com,Mike Heffner,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
gazarsgo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ubgnlmhpywtgfpbu,Ralph Tice,wilhelm.freenode.net
sunri5e_,unaffiliated/sunri5e,nope,niven.freenode.net
Lartza,unaffiliated/lartza,Lari,sinisalo.freenode.net
xhoy,095-097-080-082.static.chello.nl,Thomas,leguin.freenode.net
Pierre,2001:4ba0:cafe:663::1,Pierre Joye,wilhelm.freenode.net
ollehar,p4FEC6D7A.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,ollehar,sinisalo.freenode.net
fredcy,mail.yankowski.com,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
LimeLogB0t,limesurvey-3.limesurvey.org,PircBot 1.2.1 Java IRC Bot - www.jibble.org,sinisalo.freenode.net
yoink,unaffiliated/yoink,yoink,barjavel.freenode.net
iooner,2001:41d0:a:5b1d::1:20,iooner,wilhelm.freenode.net
friedrich,aextron.de,friedrich,sinisalo.freenode.net
paulr,2a01:4a0:44:118::2,Paul,niven.freenode.net
DLange,about/linux/staff/dlange,Daniel Lange,orwell.freenode.net
tee,162.243.141.236,Trevor Slocum,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Deusdeorum|away,h-72-198.a230.priv.bahnhof.se,Deusdeorum,verne.freenode.net
TheLink,unaffiliated/thelink,beingalink,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mlhess,drupal.org/user/102818/view,Michael Hess,tepper.freenode.net
boegel,2001:41d0:8:e5b6::1,Kenneth Hoste,wilhelm.freenode.net
Bram,139.163-240-81.adsl-dyn.isp.belgacom.be,psycojoker,wolfe.freenode.net
dstanek,2001:4801:7824:104:ff4c:ee8d:ff11:72f0,david stanek,adams.freenode.net
kanyeezy,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-xdyfoqbwsowunyyj,LayerBNC - At Your Fingertips!,wolfe.freenode.net
ericholscher,bad.gateway.firrre.com,Eric Holscher,adams.freenode.net
underyx,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::58:7001,Bence Nagy,karatkievich.freenode.net
b5y_home,188.242.47.92,Mehti Musayev,tepper.freenode.net
sigmavirus,unaffiliated/sigmavirus24,Ian,hitchcock.freenode.net
sigmavirus24,unaffiliated/sigmavirus24,Ian,sinisalo.freenode.net
wlp1s1,unaffiliated/iczero,iczero,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dan2wik,unaffiliated/evil-dan2wik/x-0106201,dan2wik,asimov.freenode.net
PocketKiller,codebottle.io/user/pocketkiller,Taha Salah,rajaniemi.freenode.net
shtirlic,ec2-52-28-185-189.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Serg Podtynnyi,barjavel.freenode.net
halorgium,ceramic.spork.in,halorgium,wilhelm.freenode.net
upgrayeddd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uczhljafgcanxyku,o tempora! o mores!,wolfe.freenode.net
lianj,subtle/user/lianj,lianj,asimov.freenode.net
kichawa,unaffiliated/kichawa,kichawa,card.freenode.net
Leeky,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:feae:abfb,Robert Lee-Cann,wilhelm.freenode.net
jpinnix_______,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oiqcfishnpzuuvye,Jeremy Pinnix,adams.freenode.net
mjc_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wabcvykxrvjlxhen,Michael J. Cohen,adams.freenode.net
machty,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vkiuhyjzczcasfud,Alex Matchneer,wilhelm.freenode.net
kies,unaffiliated/kies,kies,weber.freenode.net
rmk0,unaffiliated/rothwell,rmk0,asimov.freenode.net
guillaum1,89-156-121-90.rev.numericable.fr,Guillaume Legris,barjavel.freenode.net
jogamp,jogamp.org,PircBot 1.5.0 Java IRC Bot - www.jibble.org,card.freenode.net
bigpet,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zinqbqcysijpsfag,Peter Tissen,sinisalo.freenode.net
bruce-,fileunderpopular.com,_ _,orwell.freenode.net
zubzub,trinity.netcat.be,zubzub,wolfe.freenode.net
odin_,2a01:348:261:32:21f:c6ff:fe9b:9b34,Odin,adams.freenode.net
NimBot,nim-lang.org,NimrodBot,card.freenode.net
Amrykid,nim-lang.org,Amrykid,niven.freenode.net
dom96,nim-lang.org,Dominik,barjavel.freenode.net
federico3,unaffiliated/federico2,fede,asimov.freenode.net
nim-buildbot,nim-lang.org,None,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Araq,nim-lang.org,Araq,asimov.freenode.net
Varriount|Mobile,pool-96-241-74-59.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Varriount,karatkievich.freenode.net
GreGPulS_Old,bonux.gergosnet.com,moi,adams.freenode.net
goupil,domus.vulpesvulpes.net,Jerome Delauney,wilhelm.freenode.net
dcrochet,wikiversity/Crochet.david,Crochet david,adams.freenode.net
ThOsam,prox-int-49.cozycloud.cc,ThOsam,hitchcock.freenode.net
Whidou,lya14-1-82-67-103-7.fbx.proxad.net,Whidou,wilhelm.freenode.net
ride14,88.177.4.34,richard,sinisalo.freenode.net
elesouef,btb14-1-88-173-186-140.fbx.proxad.net,Emmanuel Lesouef,sinisalo.freenode.net
GreGPulS,2001:bc8:4400:2100::1c:b09,greg,leguin.freenode.net
emvivre,host-198-167-223-31.resolv.to,emvivre,card.freenode.net
sebastienb,ns387061.ip-176-31-247.eu,sebastienb,asimov.freenode.net
Guest21773,88.177.4.34,richard,sinisalo.freenode.net
