costela,costela.net,Leo Antunes,verne.freenode.net
IceBear,unaffiliated/icebear,IceBear,adams.freenode.net
aqu4,unaffiliated/subsen/bot/aqu4,aqu4, daughter of pr0t0!,tepper.freenode.net
Subsentient,techtavern/subsen,Subsentient,tepper.freenode.net
public,sourcemage/guru/public,public,karatkievich.freenode.net
erdic,unaffiliated/motley,erdic,wilhelm.freenode.net
Konomi,unaffiliated/konomi,Konomi,asimov.freenode.net
ifohancroft,techtavern/ifo,IFo Hancroft,asimov.freenode.net
dcosnet,c-73-149-169-51.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,dc os net,leguin.freenode.net
SAL9000,101.166.208.194,SAL9000,card.freenode.net
dvn,bnc.janky.solutions,dvn,karatkievich.freenode.net
souris,unaffiliated/skizzhg/bot/souris,enfant prodige,niven.freenode.net
carvite,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,carvite,wolfe.freenode.net
bartolo,unaffiliated/bartolo,bartolo,adams.freenode.net
skizzhg,unaffiliated/skizzhg,H2O2,verne.freenode.net
MC_Kim,unaffiliated/mc-kim/x-7056578,harg,hitchcock.freenode.net
Adelaide,unaffiliated/captnfab,Ad√©la√Øde la gentille bot,adams.freenode.net
df-logbot,debian-facile.org,irc log bot, http://moritz.faui2k3.org/en/ilbot,karatkievich.freenode.net
captnfab,unaffiliated/captnfab,Capitaine Fab,wolfe.freenode.net
basker,uniscan/dev/Basker,Basker,orwell.freenode.net
Argorok,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wdllskppikaieoht,Argorok,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
himura,unaffiliated/himura,Himura,leguin.freenode.net
eremitah,unaffiliated/eremitah,no para√≠so da miragem,adams.freenode.net
\0x29a,0x29a.com.br,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lambdabot,haskell/bot/lambdabot,Lambda_Robots:_100%_Loyal,wilhelm.freenode.net
joneshf-laptop,c-73-220-86-28.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Hardy Jones,niven.freenode.net
genpaku,107.191.100.185,genpaku,asimov.freenode.net
mjec,mjec.net,mjec,rajaniemi.freenode.net
techkid6,borealis.voxelstorm.com,tech,niven.freenode.net
lennartcl,unaffiliated/chipzero,Lennart,card.freenode.net
toastcfh_,unaffiliated/toastcfh,Richard Ross,,,,niven.freenode.net
luckz,luckz.de,lkz,hitchcock.freenode.net
NookieBot,unaffiliated/zanzibar,Likes some Nookie,wolfe.freenode.net
withere2,tonsit.net,Devon Witherell,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
gko,2400:8900::f03c:91ff:fe70:e605,gko,leguin.freenode.net
k6ka,wikimedia/k6ka,k6ka,barjavel.freenode.net
tom29739,wikipedia/tom29739,tom29739,niven.freenode.net
wm-bot,wikimedia/bot/wm-bot,wm-bot,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
piaget2,wikimedia/bot/piaget,PiagetBot, running Sopel, operated by tom29739.,card.freenode.net
PerLycke,carrot.cybolabs.co.uk,PerLycke,niven.freenode.net
Nabeel,carrot.cybolabs.co.uk,?,karatkievich.freenode.net
KnightWolf,carrot.cybolabs.co.uk,?,orwell.freenode.net
rirozizo,unaffiliated/rirozizo,?,niven.freenode.net
CristinaPauna,193.202.22.66,Cristina Pauna,karatkievich.freenode.net
bramwelt,osuosl/staff/bramwelt,bramwelt,karatkievich.freenode.net
consultron,triton.consultron.com,Consultron,leguin.freenode.net
mgkwill,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-atpzoghayopzoikb,Marcus Williams,adams.freenode.net
geopar,213.159.161.254,George Paraskevopoulos,asimov.freenode.net
AlexAvadanii,193.202.22.66,Alexandru Avadanii,tepper.freenode.net
fdegir,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-miwrszcdrvzgrmid,AtoB,adams.freenode.net
jmorgan1,134.134.139.70,Jack Morgan,hitchcock.freenode.net
hwoarang,gentoo/developer/hwoarang,Markos Chandras,verne.freenode.net
NookieBot,unaffiliated/zanzibar,Likes some Nookie,wolfe.freenode.net
creepyLurker,tau.shadowchild.nl,attn`,wilhelm.freenode.net
kmdm,unaffiliated/kmdm,me,barjavel.freenode.net
fenrir,unaffiliated/-fenrir/x-7799457,null,orwell.freenode.net
zule,unaffiliated/zule,Zule Shadowmite,asimov.freenode.net
Ares,planeshift/developer/Aresilek,Aresilek Besolez,adams.freenode.net
Icari|away,unaffiliated/icari,Icari,rajaniemi.freenode.net
IV|bot,unaffiliated/icari,3/msg IV|bot hello,wilhelm.freenode.net
ackjewt,muffins.ninja,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
ifb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wbggdxkwxvfxpcpj,ifb,wolfe.freenode.net
Eviltechie,pilot.trilug.org,Nope.avi,wilhelm.freenode.net
kongo,laika.df.lth.se,Fredrik Ahlberg,sinisalo.freenode.net
DigiDaz,77.240.12.245,Darren Williams,karatkievich.freenode.net
balbinus,areandra3.balbinus.org,Vincent,asimov.freenode.net
coralisk,irc.vegjs.io,Coral,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hennings,pompom.spjelkavik.net,Henning Spjelkavik,barjavel.freenode.net
psn,konversation/developer/psn,Peter Simonsson,barjavel.freenode.net
Sashmo,207.35.238.6,Sashmo,wilhelm.freenode.net
uriseja,atsgw.cyber.ee,Tarmo Oja,niven.freenode.net
realies,unaffiliated/realies,realies,weber.freenode.net
rektide_,eldergods.com,rektide,orwell.freenode.net
Ridpojken,c-31-208-160-27.cust.bredband2.com,Niklas,rajaniemi.freenode.net
RoadRunner,cpc107559-bsfd9-2-0-cust587.5-3.cable.virginm.net,GrahamSpr,leguin.freenode.net
dodgepong,unaffiliated/dodgepong,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
hreinnbeck,157.157.65.90,Hreinn Beck,weber.freenode.net
Researcher-,gtld.ovh,AnycastCloud v31919b - CF ID:awxa335,wilhelm.freenode.net
kierank,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hmxjmexlxlhkpwxn,Kieran Kunhya,niven.freenode.net
anarchivist,pdpc/supporter/active/anarchivist,Mx Matienzo,adams.freenode.net
cbeer,cbeer.info,cbeer,verne.freenode.net
zoia,b75e7433-960f-49f7-9d11-9db1df6c3168.node.dockerapp.io,Supybot 0.84.0-dev,wilhelm.freenode.net
Valfor,unaffiliated/mrpps,Valfor,verne.freenode.net
HarryHallman,ec2-52-23-192-47.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Harry Hallman,verne.freenode.net
neona,63.142.250.232,d34dgrrl,weber.freenode.net
torako,63.142.250.232,Torako,asimov.freenode.net
cmpitg,unaffiliated/cmpitg,Duong Nguyen,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
gokien-bot,2401:e800:9000:0:f020:3ecf:8e76:e49d,Supybot 0.83.4.1,wilhelm.freenode.net
AndrewPH,omega.classicube.net,Ah yes, the door.,wilhelm.freenode.net
Bad_Advice_Cat,unaffiliated/featheredserpent,...you don't stop, keep on 'til the break of dawn.,wolfe.freenode.net
KnownSyntax,unaffiliated/knownsyntax,KnownSyntax,wolfe.freenode.net
Zesty_,unaffiliated/zestybaby,Zesty,asimov.freenode.net
yoink,unaffiliated/yoink,yoink,hitchcock.freenode.net
jgknight,unaffiliated/thirtysixway,Josh Knight,wilhelm.freenode.net
ocramius,irc.ocrami.us,Marco Pivetta,karatkievich.freenode.net
Danielss89,server1.dasprids.de,Daniel Str√∏m,karatkievich.freenode.net
Gore|home,46-59-174-16.lsn6.wtnet.de,...,asimov.freenode.net
Davey,unaffiliated/davey,Davey Shafik,asimov.freenode.net
MethorZ,213.95.133.22,MethorZ,asimov.freenode.net
redbrick,steckr.net,redbrick,asimov.freenode.net
asgrim,thor.asgrim.com,James Titcumb,barjavel.freenode.net
TwoWholeWorms,139.162.199.108,Benjamin Nolan,weber.freenode.net
Tad3j_,188-230-151-236.dynamic.t-2.net,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
malukenho,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-trlqmqsxiqstkpbz,Jefersson Nathan de Oliveira Chaves,wilhelm.freenode.net
fALSO,DeadBSD.org,The last metroid is in captivity, the galaxy is at,orwell.freenode.net
darvon,107.191.100.185,darvon,barjavel.freenode.net
timdev,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe6e:1636,tim,niven.freenode.net
Infiltrator,unaffiliated/infiltrator,Infiltrator,weber.freenode.net
m1kesm1th_,188.166.44.227,Don Quixote,asimov.freenode.net
\monster\,CPE107bef40cdd9-CM0c473d755d20.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,Remember, there is no spoon,leguin.freenode.net
dstockto_,50-205-21-218-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,dstockton,asimov.freenode.net
robert_,objectx/robert,KVIrc 4.2.0 Equilibrium http://kvirc.net/,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
BinaryKitten,unaffiliated/binarykitten,BinaryKitten,wilhelm.freenode.net
GeeH,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fjvixdxarjohqrlg,GeeH,adams.freenode.net
Korvin,concrete5/79063/Korvin,Korvin,karatkievich.freenode.net
citronbleuv,bel30-1-78-200-178-189.fbx.proxad.net,citronbleuv,niven.freenode.net
Freeaqingme,nl3.s.kynet.eu,Dolf Schimmel,verne.freenode.net
haygus,ks3273578.kimsufi.com,Hayg BADEM,asimov.freenode.net
Liverpool,unaffiliated/liverpool,Liverpool,wilhelm.freenode.net
bbankes,75-169-249-148.slkc.qwest.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
cdmsn,dr0gen.com,cdmsn,asimov.freenode.net
adamlundrigan,pdpc/supporter/active/adamlundrigan,Adam Lundrigan,hitchcock.freenode.net
alextech,24-52-247-47.cable.teksavvy.com,Alexander Romanenko,adams.freenode.net
Masno,d8D87B42F.access.telenet.be,realname,tepper.freenode.net
grizzm0,mostad.me,Kristofer Karlsson,orwell.freenode.net
andrer,cm-84.214.178.29.getinternet.no,Andr√© Roaldseth,barjavel.freenode.net
m-takagi______,www2419ue.sakura.ne.jp,TAKAGI Masahiro,asimov.freenode.net
NoirSoldats,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:feae:3817,Dustin Pate,karatkievich.freenode.net
asm89,unaffiliated/asm89,Alexander,karatkievich.freenode.net
Miles8of9,93.37.132.195,Miles O'Brien,tepper.freenode.net
toXel,indus.uberspace.de,toXel,hitchcock.freenode.net
pounard,62-210-37-33.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Pierre Rineau,barjavel.freenode.net
uda,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fcgvqsaqqcuqddep,uda,adams.freenode.net
Hotas,h-169-216.a137.corp.bahnhof.se,Jonas Eriksson,adams.freenode.net
xrated,104.131.241.201,murika,karatkievich.freenode.net
nvb_,h-62.96.157.74.host.de.colt.net,CompuglobalSuperHyperMegaEdNet,rajaniemi.freenode.net
shipleyr,cpc78659-glfd7-2-0-cust211.6-2.cable.virginm.net,Rob Shipley,adams.freenode.net
svycka,79.98.31.66,Vytautas Stankus,karatkievich.freenode.net
forw4rd__,92-242-241-76.xtwifi.net.mtnet.hr,realname,card.freenode.net
cebreidian,45.63.76.107,Don't Panic,rajaniemi.freenode.net
DASPRiD,tremulous/developer/DASPRiD,DASPRiD,karatkievich.freenode.net
Gabriel403,unaffiliated/gabbie,gabriel,barjavel.freenode.net
gbellinoz,124-171-53-76.dyn.iinet.net.au,Greg,sinisalo.freenode.net
thoys,546BD364.cm-12-4d.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
mladoux,50-93-249-226.static.fttp.usinternet.com,mark,niven.freenode.net
nezZario,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ontgbjdjfnpwxkoz,nobody,adams.freenode.net
Verge,82-181-35-16.bb.dnainternet.fi,SJ,verne.freenode.net
LeMike,codebook.cc,LeMike,karatkievich.freenode.net
Xerkus,kestrel.xerkus.pro,Aleksey Khudyakov,verne.freenode.net
rdohms,bots.doh.ms,Rafael Dohms,weber.freenode.net
MrCoder,host81-149-82-212.in-addr.btopenworld.com,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
crey,static243-207-69.mimer.net,There is a dot in all of us,leguin.freenode.net
xtreamwayz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-opymftqlagirzzct,Geert Eltink,adams.freenode.net
GizZzmo,host-212-114-216-162.customer.m-online.net,New Now Know How,wolfe.freenode.net
Tristitia,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,One with Darkness,sinisalo.freenode.net
leev,one.leev.net,lee,adams.freenode.net
andi,unaffiliated/fr00d,Andreas Nitsche,verne.freenode.net
Yogui,242.193.154.77.rev.sfr.net,...,asimov.freenode.net
Koopz,koopz.de,Koopz,wilhelm.freenode.net
Atomy,jackinpoint.net,atomy,verne.freenode.net
RonWhoCares,unaffiliated/ronwhocares,New Now Know How,weber.freenode.net
FrozenFire,pdpc/supporter/active/frozenfire,FrozenFire,wolfe.freenode.net
pfallenop,unaffiliated/contempt,paralela,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MANCHUCK,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fvaekhfikqrlanky,Chuck Reeves,orwell.freenode.net
BlackIkeEagle,archlinux/trusteduser/blackikeeagle,BlackIkeEagle,orwell.freenode.net
MichaelGooden,atlanta.michaelgooden.net,Michael Gooden,wilhelm.freenode.net
dasuchin,192.241.205.96,Dustin Carlson,karatkievich.freenode.net
tombevers,li140-114.members.linode.com,Tom Bevers,orwell.freenode.net
blacktoko,web01.fuur.nl,Tom,niven.freenode.net
Zend\Bot,server1.dasprids.de,DASBiT,karatkievich.freenode.net
dragonmantank,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yuvamkzudzakpsuh,Chris Tankersley,wilhelm.freenode.net
deimos,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bnrwhyyvdrdzrqjs,deimos,wilhelm.freenode.net
MarkT,82.16.22.19,Mark Tudor,card.freenode.net
srhoades___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bchdvlxyvauxglgi,Steve,leguin.freenode.net
GeorgeJipa,unaffiliated/georgejipa,George Jipa,asimov.freenode.net
lstrojny,milch.schokokeks.org,Lars Strojny,barjavel.freenode.net
mpalourdio,2001:41d0:52:500::6ef,mpalourdio,karatkievich.freenode.net
nuxwin^,admin.i-mscp.net,Laurent Declercq,rajaniemi.freenode.net
DarkMukke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bbzmrmvwjcpvzghg,Mukke,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mac_nibblet,server1.dasprids.de,Antoine Hedgecock,niven.freenode.net
thecomedian,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-urecrytlzxplvfio,Lorenzo,karatkievich.freenode.net
Gore|woerk,217.111.2.34,...,wilhelm.freenode.net
naderman,phpbb/manager/naderman,Nils Adermann,tepper.freenode.net
chmurifree,31-178-100-233.dynamic.chello.pl,chmurifree,asimov.freenode.net
Spea,h2559001.stratoserver.net,Maddin,orwell.freenode.net
gregf_,gateway/web/freenode/ip.85.115.33.180,webdefence.cluster-x.websense.net/85.115.33.180,herbert.freenode.net
damjan,unaffiliated/damjan,damjan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
benoitc,couchdb/committer/pdpc.active.benoitc,benoitc,niven.freenode.net
href,Sade.random.sh,href,card.freenode.net
bslacker,ec2-54-210-125-241.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nobody,barjavel.freenode.net
CapNemo,c-73-33-103-172.hsd1.nj.comcast.net,Nicolas Dufour,tepper.freenode.net
waako|zzz,drupal.org/user/368076/view,Tom,adams.freenode.net
_ACF_,cpc97596-walt24-2-0-cust197.13-2.cable.virginm.net,alasdair,karatkievich.freenode.net
wt_jenkins,185.71.101.96,PircBotX 1.8, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bot,verne.freenode.net
trustnet_jenkins,gateway.wellcome.ac.uk,PircBotX 1.9, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bot,card.freenode.net
adrian,unaffiliated/adrian,Adrian Alves,verne.freenode.net
jbossbot,redhat/jbossbot,JBossBot,roddenberry.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
synaptech,50.116.2.153,mwatson,wolfe.freenode.net
sgilda,2602:306:83be:e890::41,Sande Gilda,rajaniemi.freenode.net
_km,unaffiliated/-km/x-6579334,km,karatkievich.freenode.net
arunpyasi,gateway/shell/hiyabnc/x-momuflepkicnvalj,arunpyasi,barjavel.freenode.net
nekodesu,unaffiliated/nicodesu,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
[2],dogecoin/bot/two,[2],barjavel.freenode.net
acejudas,cpe-70-125-128-73.satx.res.rr.com,ace,hitchcock.freenode.net
svliege,104.37.169.110,Sietse,orwell.freenode.net
jwrb,104.131.66.202,Joshua Baldwin,asimov.freenode.net
graphique,095-097-045-092.static.chello.nl,Le Deux,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tangelo,unaffiliated/tangelo,Skugens Herald,rajaniemi.freenode.net
thrasher`,unaffiliated/thrasher/x-7291870,thrasher,adams.freenode.net
coolsa,unaffiliated/coolsa,realname,tepper.freenode.net
sud0,unaffiliated/sud0,Bruno,orwell.freenode.net
pelegreno___,107.170.175.57,cinch,niven.freenode.net
qu3ntin0,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-wbbfeceghnxspgrx,qu3ntin0,karatkievich.freenode.net
xms,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.77.174.79.46,xms,adams.freenode.net
gueriLLaPunK,guerillapunk.backtraced.yo.ass.from.inside.ur.seriesoftub.es,Your Mom,hitchcock.freenode.net
madzanta,c-4b1270d5.029-101-626f6410.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,madzanta,hitchcock.freenode.net
bitspill,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zxixyosegkvwrvdl,bitspill,card.freenode.net
Ellenor,unaffiliated/ellenor,Ellenor Agnes Malik,card.freenode.net
Scally,the.nsa.just.stole-your.pw,Mikey,wolfe.freenode.net
sevoque,dogecoin/staff/sevoque,sevoque,orwell.freenode.net
t00tie,unaffiliated/t00tie,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mniip,freenode/staff/mniip,mniip,kornbluth.freenode.net
DarkEmsus|off,unaffiliated/darkemsus,...,wilhelm.freenode.net
englazed,unaffiliated/enclaved,enclaved,card.freenode.net
clarkz,162.243.216.39,Zachary Clark,hitchcock.freenode.net
Bill48105,unaffiliated/bill48105,Bill48105,sinisalo.freenode.net
maxalt,unaffiliated/maxalt,maxalt,niven.freenode.net
IronY,unaffiliated/irony,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
alphaseg,unaffiliated/alphaseg,alpha seg,rajaniemi.freenode.net
eir,freenode/utility-bot/eir,eir version 0.0.1,odin.freenode.net
yakpimp,c-98-237-193-57.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,Yak,barjavel.freenode.net
sup,unaffiliated/suplobby/x-2031436,sup,adams.freenode.net
Kjartan,vps-104.205.170.217.stwvps.net,kjartan,adams.freenode.net
kopykat,unaffiliated/kopykat,kopykat,rajaniemi.freenode.net
raedchen,gateway/shell/firrre/x-qxyggdoqgpmcesqf,raedchen,adams.freenode.net
FeedMeCoins,24-107-118-0.dhcp.stls.mo.charter.com,via la revoltion!,verne.freenode.net
Artemis3,190-37-30-10.dyn.dsl.cantv.net,Artemis3,karatkievich.freenode.net
balrog,unaffiliated/balrog,balrog,orwell.freenode.net
eyeknock,gateway/shell/xshellz/x-nkkjtulearacguhw,eyeknock,niven.freenode.net
mountaingoat,unaffiliated/mountaingoat,mountaingoat,orwell.freenode.net
blazeme8,downtime.rocks,blazeme8,verne.freenode.net
upd_,unaffiliated/upd,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
e,freenode/staff/spy.edk,Ed Kellett,niven.freenode.net
Emptybeerbottle,unaffiliated/emptybeerbottle,realname,asimov.freenode.net
SyllaBear,unaffiliated/syllabear,root,asimov.freenode.net
ThePhoenix47,bravo.at.zsrv.pw,ThePhoenix47,leguin.freenode.net
joelsmith,162.243.9.37,Joel Smith,weber.freenode.net
greenbigfrog,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-cpiizhzozhqiglqx,If I should not be react it's probally just my bnc,wilhelm.freenode.net
Rai-chan,unaffiliated/slipstream,Riley Andersen,karatkievich.freenode.net
Zparx,dslb-088-070-240-055.088.070.pools.vodafone-ip.de,realname,card.freenode.net
elky,ubuntu/member/pdpc.professional.elky,elky,wilhelm.freenode.net
a5m0,unaffiliated/a5m0,a5m0,asimov.freenode.net
Kralle,freaxnet.de,Kralle,kornbluth.freenode.net
Guest32607,irc.wferr.com,Wferr,wilhelm.freenode.net
bloodninja,unaffiliated/bl00dn1nj4,themorethingschangethemoretheystaythesame,card.freenode.net
Someguy123,unaffiliated/compgenius999,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
poutine,unaffiliated/poutine,freepoutine,wolfe.freenode.net
skywalk,modemcable206.211-19-135.mc.videotron.ca,na,adams.freenode.net
[7666],dogecoin/staff/doge7666,sukebei,wolfe.freenode.net
Fuzzbawls,fuzzbawls.pw,Fuzzbawls,sinisalo.freenode.net
RaptorJesus,unaffiliated/raptorjesus,RaptorJesus,tepper.freenode.net
fling,fsf/member/fling,fling,card.freenode.net
RamenJunkie,63.142.65.140,RamenJunkie,tepper.freenode.net
samO_,unaffiliated/samo,samO,sinisalo.freenode.net
ras_,5.9.158.70,ras,hobana.freenode.net
Qatz,2601:187:8400:5::427,DB,karatkievich.freenode.net
Sachiko,unaffiliated/sachiko,Sachiko Shinozaki,niven.freenode.net
JonathanD,freenode/staff/jonathand,fish,asimov.freenode.net
oosjeu,shell.as65342.net,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
souljah1h-Lucky8,a83-160-123-77.adsl.xs4all.nl,souljah1h,tepper.freenode.net
SoCo_cpp,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/sococpp/x-48425895,SoCo C++,niven.freenode.net
GameGear,unaffiliated/gamegear,Mr. Marmaduke,verne.freenode.net
tccki,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe56:1c4c,tccki,wilhelm.freenode.net
nudoge,insecurelabs.net,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
kode54,losno.co,Christopher Snowhill,card.freenode.net
BGL,75-149-171-58-Washington.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,BGLWrK,barjavel.freenode.net
Fridtjof,reporting.live.from.stary2001.co.uk,Fridtjof,niven.freenode.net
ME-tan,viacum.org,ME-tan,barjavel.freenode.net
vbstrdg,unaffiliated/vbstrdg,...,wilhelm.freenode.net
Johnsen,epileptic.str0.be,Robert,karatkievich.freenode.net
harrison,li89-226.members.linode.com,harrison,weber.freenode.net
junkaholic,gateway/tor-sasl/junka,Junk Food,zelazny.freenode.net
Eskorbuto,unaffiliated/eskorbuto,IRcap[8.72] 7 www.ircap.es,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Jimster480,c-66-176-121-118.hsd1.fl.comcast.net,The Chat Cool People Use,adams.freenode.net
HalfEatenPie,unaffiliated/halfeatenpie,HalfEatenPie,karatkievich.freenode.net
NHarmonia,unaffiliated/richardg,Natural Harmonia Gropius,sinisalo.freenode.net
Compu,unaffiliated/compu,Compu,hitchcock.freenode.net
Jobeanie123,dogecoin/staff/jobeanie123,realname,card.freenode.net
readlink,doki-doki.moe,PythonBot,weber.freenode.net
ziddey,2001:470:1f07:7eb:4a7:31ff:feac:c956,ziddey,niven.freenode.net
Jybrael,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.115.42.125.74,Jybrael,weber.freenode.net
aem,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-impdsbqbknhqrxcm,AEM,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MissionCritical,unaffiliated/missioncritical,Mission Critical,weber.freenode.net
Xenthys,bfnt/staff/botters.xenthys,Dylan Ysmal,card.freenode.net
SuchModBot,dogecoin/bot/suchmodbot,SuchModBot,verne.freenode.net
goeo_,2604:a880:1:20::cb:7001,Genco Demir,wolfe.freenode.net
floWS,unaffiliated/flows,SWolf,wolfe.freenode.net
buZz,space.nurdspace.nl,buZz,karatkievich.freenode.net
geraldbrent,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-fmvwifgmdrxpgjty,geraldbrent,wolfe.freenode.net
sibiria,unaffiliated/sibiria,what of it?,orwell.freenode.net
Tootoot222,unaffiliated/toottoot222,Tootoot222,hitchcock.freenode.net
cooled,pool-71-190-198-136.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,cooledfn,kornbluth.freenode.net
ryan`c,znc.rya.nc,ryan,sinisalo.freenode.net
BlueCrab,inazuma.sylverant.net,4th ship of the Akatsuki class,karatkievich.freenode.net
parasite,mar75-4-82-230-46-11.fbx.proxad.net,parasite,tepper.freenode.net
hkaga,107.161.172.95,hkaga,karatkievich.freenode.net
dun_matter,CPE-121-216-29-206.lnse1.ken.bigpond.net.au,...,orwell.freenode.net
pcmerc,108.47.217.122,Johnny Violence,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hue,zirc/eclipse,hue,verne.freenode.net
apollojustice,unaffiliated/apollojustice,apollojustice,niven.freenode.net
watamuni,unaffiliated/watamuni,realname,card.freenode.net
midnightmagic,unaffiliated/midnightmagic,midnightmagic,weber.freenode.net
Wolf0,unaffiliated/wolf/x-5089230,Slut,wolfe.freenode.net
langerhans,dogecoin/developer/langerhans,langerhans,wilhelm.freenode.net
ilbelkyr,atheme/ilbelkyr,bcode,karatkievich.freenode.net
saieko,optimus.wcksoft.com,cyco,wilhelm.freenode.net
Alzadoua,unaffiliated/alzadoua,Alza,card.freenode.net
OhYou_,unaffiliated/ohyou/x-4772949,f,card.freenode.net
TrustN01,unaffiliated/romes,Romes,sinisalo.freenode.net
Westie,unaffiliated/westie,David Weston,barjavel.freenode.net
Saturn`,thing.evoludo.com,Andrew Bell,hitchcock.freenode.net
FMan,dsl-kvlbrasgw2-50dcc3-5.dhcp.inet.fi,FMan /Tropyx,hitchcock.freenode.net
ssoaker,109.201.138.237,Soaker,wilhelm.freenode.net
SibrekExuus,178.62.19.205,SibrekExuus,sinisalo.freenode.net
OS-16517,unaffiliated/os-16517,wat,tepper.freenode.net
JeDa,codebottle.io/user/jeda,Jes√∫s Hern√°ndez,hitchcock.freenode.net
SammoSideKick,unaffiliated/sammosidekick,Sammo_0401,card.freenode.net
Guest31961,aggr.com,Mika Pruikkonen,verne.freenode.net
m4rCsi,helo.marcsi.ch,m4rCsi,orwell.freenode.net
Ruusento,m.lucentw.gq,Lucent WinModem - Galactic Federation CO,adams.freenode.net
Langly,71-34-122-181.ptld.qwest.net,Langly,sinisalo.freenode.net
priidu,unaffiliated/priidu,Priidu Neemre,niven.freenode.net
heathkid,unaffiliated/heathkid,heathkid,verne.freenode.net
Carrr,81.166.15.230,...,orwell.freenode.net
FManTropyx,37-33-2-58.bb.dnainternet.fi,FMan /Tropyx,leguin.freenode.net
CoolCash_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hlgpncszisbzleps,CoolCash,sinisalo.freenode.net
traxo-xx,static.21.81.9.5.clients.your-server.de,traxo,asimov.freenode.net
sn0wmonster,taskhive/developer/sn0wmonster,Skifree Snowmonster,wolfe.freenode.net
Doger,dogecoin/tipbot,dogecoin tipbot (contact mniip),sinisalo.freenode.net
CC66,unaffiliated/cc66,CC66,asimov.freenode.net
m6lpi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-azuulkiqwuqrhemm,Neil Stone,wilhelm.freenode.net
retrohacker,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jbdkduutahlslsjj,Will Blankenship,adams.freenode.net
smiba,woof.tech,Not Smiba,asimov.freenode.net
noodle,ec2-54-149-106-240.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,noodle,niven.freenode.net
boxmein,Powder/Cardboard/boxmein,this is totally me yes siree,niven.freenode.net
SpacyTime,codebottle.io/user/jeda,Jes√∫s Hern√°ndez,verne.freenode.net
SuchWow,dogecoin/staff-emeritus/suchwow,SuchWow,leguin.freenode.net
Tinkle,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-lfafxhsqjzhzbsmv,Tinderauth,karatkievich.freenode.net
fury,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vpqqkemlmhjiqizu,Dennis Field,sinisalo.freenode.net
jp01_,h247079.upc-h.chello.nl,really,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sideup66,unaffiliated/sideup66,sideup66,card.freenode.net
Mr_Sheesh,unaffiliated/mr-sheesh/x-0757054,M,card.freenode.net
icxcnika,freenode/weird-exception/network-troll/afterdeath,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
bobbyLiberty,159.203.23.235,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
Logokas,CPE-123-211-103-106.lnse4.cha.bigpond.net.au,Logokas,rajaniemi.freenode.net
twistedpixels,unaffiliated/twistedpixels,Nick,hitchcock.freenode.net
evilny0,chani.moomoocamp.net,evilny0,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
Pandemic_Force,unaffiliated/pandemic-force/x-1349428,Pandemic_Force,karatkievich.freenode.net
wnynotmakeit,169.host-182-48-148.compassnet.co.nz,Bryce Ralph,card.freenode.net
wolfie_,unaffiliated/wolfie/x-8296214,wolf,karatkievich.freenode.net
VashTheStampede,unaffiliated/vashthestampede,VashTheStampede,kornbluth.freenode.net
vifino,tty.sh,vifino,barjavel.freenode.net
WhitesoxCrypto,unaffiliated/whitesoxcrypto,KVIrc 4.9.1 Aria http://kvirc.net/,orwell.freenode.net
abra0,unaffiliated/abra0,abra_abra,kornbluth.freenode.net
jorik,seven.deadlysins.nl,Jorik Schouten,orwell.freenode.net
Yallah,c49-177-150-254.frank4.vic.optusnet.com.au,rahrah,asimov.freenode.net
spicy,unaffiliated/spicy,spicy,barjavel.freenode.net
LiruCookies,ool-4577c7b6.dyn.optonline.net,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
xxValium-,c-67-182-160-118.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Eric,niven.freenode.net
ricej_,unaffiliated/ricej,KVIrc 4.2.0 Equilibrium http://kvirc.net/,card.freenode.net
doppo,2604:180::e0fc:a07f,doppo,karatkievich.freenode.net
stoner19,unaffiliated/stoner19,stoner19,leguin.freenode.net
TonyL,unaffiliated/darkg,Tony L,wolfe.freenode.net
kanzaibitten,unaffiliated/banzaikitten,banzai kitten,asimov.freenode.net
Ben64,unaffiliated/ben64,Ben64,barjavel.freenode.net
ap0calypse,unaffiliated/ap0calypse,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
techno156,unaffiliated/techno156,realname,orwell.freenode.net
No_one_at_all,unaffiliated/no-one-at-all/x-0113301,no_one_at_all,orwell.freenode.net
CompanionCube,unaffiliated/drmushroom,samis,niven.freenode.net
TheKingOfSpoon,unaffiliated/thekingofpoon,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
JimmyRustles,unaffiliated/jimmyrustles,jrustles,hitchcock.freenode.net
Fornax96,D5498AF0.cm-10-1a.dynamic.ziggo.nl,realname,leguin.freenode.net
PlasmaStar,unaffiliated/plasmastar,Jamie,hitchcock.freenode.net
Microtic2,S0106b817c2b744a2.ss.shawcable.net,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
chen,relay.bannerfree.net,Chen,wolfe.freenode.net
AlexNT01,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ukilnbczstkeyjxq,Alex,adams.freenode.net
DeepSpace,unaffiliated/deepspace,DeepSpace,adams.freenode.net
azerty1590,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.82.240.165.37,azerty1590,sinisalo.freenode.net
drew,unaffiliated/drew,drew,tepper.freenode.net
mogreen,unaffiliated/mogreen,mogreen,sinisalo.freenode.net
SG1|Hereish,unaffiliated/supergeeky1,supergeeky1,weber.freenode.net
Cory,unaffiliated/cory,...,sinisalo.freenode.net
tspange,irc.zannie.co.uk,Tanis,sinisalo.freenode.net
BloodSkin,cpe-174-105-97-41.columbus.res.rr.com,William Valentine,adams.freenode.net
jonspw,noc.al.privatesystems.net,realname,verne.freenode.net
xl4nothing,fedora/xl4nothing,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
anemo,sv.anemo.in,anemo,tepper.freenode.net
shunirr,133.242.174.20.v6.sakura.ne.jp,shunirr,niven.freenode.net
yutamoty,219.94.244.82.v6.sakura.ne.jp,yuta mochizuki,wilhelm.freenode.net
arawas,v2.backspace.jp,arawas,adams.freenode.net
HarryHallman,ec2-52-23-192-47.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Harry Hallman,verne.freenode.net
karia,tk2-228-23727.vs.sakura.ne.jp,karia,adams.freenode.net
mashiroli__,mashiro.org,mashiro,hitchcock.freenode.net
retlet____,www32128u.sakura.ne.jp,retlet@tiarra,weber.freenode.net
tyoro,119-231-65-202f1.kyt1.eonet.ne.jp,tyoro,verne.freenode.net
oftc_ftw,unaffiliated/oftc-ftw/x-3443471,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
DonVitoCorleone,unaffiliated/donvitocorleone,Kraljeva-Garda,verne.freenode.net
fxfitz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wpkeyzsxfugmjnge,Fran Fitzpatrick,wolfe.freenode.net
jayfk,p54B1D9C4.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,jayfk,verne.freenode.net
blackwind_123,117.192.141.192,The Chat Cool People Use,leguin.freenode.net
is_null,pdpc/supporter/professional/is-null,James Pic,niven.freenode.net
Slurpgeit,flying.super.turd.nl,Slurpgeit,verne.freenode.net
abi,enz.schiach.de,Michael Ablassmeier,card.freenode.net
josePhoenix,planeshift/irc/josePhoenix,Joseph,wilhelm.freenode.net
rany,unaffiliated/rany,Rany,card.freenode.net
springermac,172.77.241.116,Jonathan Springer,tepper.freenode.net
lastmikoi,vm-01.lastmikoi.net,lastmikoi,niven.freenode.net
u0m3,188.25.14.68,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
Frymaster,nervousenergy.co.uk,frymaster,karatkievich.freenode.net
sonofflynn,104.250.98.7,sonofflynn,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
superfly,openlp/developer/superfly,Raoul Snyman,adams.freenode.net
rnix,static.125.110.4.46.clients.your-server.de,rnix,barjavel.freenode.net
pigletto,natcam.pl,Maciej Wisniowski,asimov.freenode.net
adam_vollrath,about/security/staff/adamvollrath,Axis of Entropy,sinisalo.freenode.net
endpoint_david,central.endpoint.com,David Christensen,niven.freenode.net
jwilliams,endpoint.joshwilliams.name,Josh Williams,karatkievich.freenode.net
jon_jensen,slunce.swelter.net,Jon Jensen,wolfe.freenode.net
Daehlie,owns.mindbeta.com,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
minivendguy,216.8.239.88.etczone.com,Mike Heins,karatkievich.freenode.net
macgregor,198.199.74.192,Greg Davidson,hitchcock.freenode.net
eldios,adsl203-159-217.mclink.it,Lele - eldios,adams.freenode.net
hexfusion,central.endpoint.com,mayfly6969,niven.freenode.net
syoman,213-243-165-37.bb.dnainternet.fi,Steve Yoman,adams.freenode.net
mark-ep,pool-71-171-98-41.clppva.fios.verizon.net,Mark Johnson, End Point Corp.,weber.freenode.net
marcom,net-93-65-130-61.cust.vodafonedsl.it,Marco Matarazzo,wilhelm.freenode.net
mjeanson,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xeomcwtzvkotmslx,Michael Jeanson,rajaniemi.freenode.net
neohaven,unaffiliated/neohaven,Nope,niven.freenode.net
veloutin,75.127.15.161,Vince Vinet,asimov.freenode.net
patrek,shbkpq4068w-lp130-02-69-156-164-222.dsl.bell.ca,Patrick Turcotte,wilhelm.freenode.net
stgraber,ubuntu/member/stgraber,St√©phane Graber,wilhelm.freenode.net
jdesfossez,localdomain.ip6-local.host,Julien Desfossez,niven.freenode.net
mgariepy,ubuntu/member/mgariepy,mgariepy,wilhelm.freenode.net
brunolambert,198.46.142.112,Bruno,wolfe.freenode.net
billiob,enlightenment/developer/billiob,Boris Faure,wolfe.freenode.net
scance,ns342297.ip-91-121-153.eu,the djinn,wilhelm.freenode.net
teuf,haiku.zarb.org,Christophe Fergeau,barjavel.freenode.net
joa,195-154-102-14.rev.poneytelecom.eu,David Pineau,barjavel.freenode.net
BinaryKitten,unaffiliated/binarykitten,BinaryKitten,wilhelm.freenode.net
Korvin,concrete5/79063/Korvin,Korvin,karatkievich.freenode.net
alcohol,unaffiliated/alcohol,rob,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MichaelC,phpbb/manager/MichaelC,Michael,adams.freenode.net
toin0u|away,185.14.186.176,Antoine,karatkievich.freenode.net
ramsey,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nyubtffrpgeohwss,Ben Ramsey,adams.freenode.net
WyriHaximus,unaffiliated/wyrihaximus,WyriHaximus,niven.freenode.net
Qatz,2601:187:8400:5::427,DB,karatkievich.freenode.net
mgorbach,pool-96-237-153-152.bstnma.ftas.verizon.net,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
FamousEccles,gentoo/developer/NeddySeagoon,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
timtaler,harpy.gmake.de,timtaler,adams.freenode.net
Olipro,uncyclopedia/pdpc.21for7.olipro,Olipro,adams.freenode.net
NightMonkey,pdpc/supporter/professional/nightmonkey,Jesse Adelman,asimov.freenode.net
intelminer,23.226.229.102,Shaun 'intel' Miner,karatkievich.freenode.net
ephemer0l,unaffiliated/ephemer0l,ephemer0l,wilhelm.freenode.net
tumdedum,unaffiliated/espiral,tum-de-dum,card.freenode.net
leio,gentoo/developer/leio,Mart Raudsepp,sinisalo.freenode.net
NeddySeagoon,gentoo/developer/NeddySeagoon,Neddy Seagoon,barjavel.freenode.net
Mrt134,159.203.94.159,Tim Moore,hitchcock.freenode.net
glasspelican,stanley.glasspelican.ca,glasspelican,adams.freenode.net
CcxWrk,asterix.te2000.cz,('.'),tepper.freenode.net
LooX,freebsd/contributor/theloox,LooX's Software distribution,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dch,apache/committer/dch,Dave Cottlehuber,leguin.freenode.net
jazzbyte_,p549FFF4C.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Torsten Weber,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jmaloney,159.203.94.159,Joe Maloney,weber.freenode.net
harcobbit,ip193.ip-149-202-31.eu,Carlos,weber.freenode.net
stokhli_,ibm.is.nsfl.wtf,stokhli,wilhelm.freenode.net
kenmoore,159.203.94.159,Ken Moore,card.freenode.net
writteno1,node-1w7jr9qpwetjknw2qy26nim2v.ipv6.telus.net,writtenoff,wilhelm.freenode.net
bsdaddict,2a03:8600:1001:4042::1001,realname,adams.freenode.net
zyixc,a80-127-225-69.adsl.xs4all.nl,zyixc,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
learnbsd,2607:5300:60:3274::1,LearnBSD,wolfe.freenode.net
dstolfa,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-kgliicunjvivyrgq,dstolfa,adams.freenode.net
wblock,wonkity.com,realname,adams.freenode.net
Magne,84-52-247.248.3p.ntebredband.no,Magne M√¶hre,wilhelm.freenode.net
shibu,unaffiliated/szyba,shibu,niven.freenode.net
snorrenv,cassarossa.samfundet.no,Snorre Nilssen Vestli,rajaniemi.freenode.net
runborg,2001:67c:398::62,Runar Borge,wolfe.freenode.net
for5aken_,144.202.228.211,for5aken,roddenberry.freenode.net
ryeng,cassarossa.samfundet.no,Norvald H. Ryeng,hitchcock.freenode.net
hayer,82.194.220.20,has bnc?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cybic,4201082000200000000000gvgg.ip.ssc.net,Oystein Steimler,wilhelm.freenode.net
Crewl,194.89.164.82.customer.cdi.no,...,tepper.freenode.net
jornane,jornane.znc.fyrkat.no,J√∏rn √Öne,karatkievich.freenode.net
emning,konami.qix.no,Runar Jensen,sinisalo.freenode.net
for5aken,mail.atozed.com,for5aken,weber.freenode.net
kvitrevik,gateway/shell/tihlde/x-vckddjkpjpwtdsrw,Ole Gunnar Dybvik,wolfe.freenode.net
jornbaer,znc.vultr.fyrkat.no,J√∏rn √Öne,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sabesto,unaffiliated/sabesto,sabesto,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
kvitrevic,kvitrevik.no,Kvitrevik,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Berge,redskapet.trivini.no,Berge Schwebs Bj√∏rlo,adams.freenode.net
DrMcCoy,xoreos/drmccoy,Sven Hesse,verne.freenode.net
Surak,188.165.140.177,surak,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Wertle,gateway/web/freenode/ip.73.230.77.1,c-73-230-77-1.hsd1.pa.comcast.net/73.230.77.1,herbert.freenode.net
b_e_a_n,gateway/shell/firrre/x-kcyiiojqlcqjmrqw,beansmyname,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Cheeseness,ppp14-2-155-79.bras1.hba1.internode.on.net,purple,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sereal,2607:f0b0:8:8035:a565:bf22:6427:2da7,sereal,wilhelm.freenode.net
Jack87,nasadmin/admin/jack87,Jack,wilhelm.freenode.net
Caleb,archlinux/user/caleb,The Chat Cool People Use,leguin.freenode.net
chirpsalot,unaffiliated/chirpsalot,Chirps,rajaniemi.freenode.net
expiation,unaffiliated/corey,hither my soulful expiation,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
thrrwfls,openvpn/user/thearrowflies,arrow,hitchcock.freenode.net
Lehvyn,unaffiliated/lehvyn,Andrew L.,leguin.freenode.net
bhughes,ti0081a400-0875.bb.online.no,Bradley T. Hughes,barjavel.freenode.net
swills,freebsd/developer/swills,realname,card.freenode.net
Barnerd,freebsd/developer/barnerd,Barnerd,verne.freenode.net
feld,freebsd/developer/feld,corey feldman,wilhelm.freenode.net
koobs,freebsd/developer/koobs,koobs,sinisalo.freenode.net
blackflow,freebsd/contributor/blackflow,blackflow,sinisalo.freenode.net
eki,dsl-hkibrasgw3-58c3d9-104.dhcp.inet.fi,eki,leguin.freenode.net
Kakwa_,perso.iiens.net,Pifi,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jmorgan,gentoo/developer/jmorgan,Jack Morgan,adams.freenode.net
sethstorm,cpe-174-102-22-114.cinci.res.rr.com,sethstorm,adams.freenode.net
hotaronohanako,unaffiliated/hotaronohanako,unknown,card.freenode.net
jhenke,2a04:ce40:100:da::101:5,Jan Henke,niven.freenode.net
jeezy,bitchx/apple/jeezy,King of the Ghetto,sinisalo.freenode.net
blueness,gentoo/developer/blueness,Anthony G. Basile,barjavel.freenode.net
Pinkbyte,gentoo/developer/pinkbyte,Sergey Popov,sinisalo.freenode.net
blueness_,gentoo/developer/blueness,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gnu_andrew,redhat/gnu-andrew,Andrew John Hughes,wolfe.freenode.net
rej,gentoo/developer/jer,jer with a silent 'e', but rej on freenode,verne.freenode.net
JoseJX,c-73-236-244-117.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,realname,weber.freenode.net
Sorch,unaffiliated/sorch,Sorch,barjavel.freenode.net
steev,gentoo/developer/steev,Steev Klimaszewski,adams.freenode.net
xmw,gentoo/developer/xmw,Michael Weber,hitchcock.freenode.net
effractur,195.140.242.50,erik,adams.freenode.net
MaxX|23,turing.il.maxx.spaceboyz.net,Jan Roemisch,wilhelm.freenode.net
p8m,173-22-130-139.client.mchsi.com,Dave,weber.freenode.net
lu_zero,gentoo/developer/lu-zero,lu_zero,verne.freenode.net
harrow,68.ip-149-56-14.net,harrow,weber.freenode.net
slyfox,gentoo/developer/slyfox,Sergei Trofimovich,wilhelm.freenode.net
txt-file,is.txtfile.eu,txt.file,adams.freenode.net
kolla,cloudsmurf.kolla.no,Kolbj√∏rn Barmen,asimov.freenode.net
Solarion,fsf/member/solarion,solarion,weber.freenode.net
willikins,gentoo/bot/Willikins,Gentoo Services Bot, based on Ruby bot (c) Giusepp,adams.freenode.net
kent\n,gentoo/developer/kentnl,Kent Fredric,karatkievich.freenode.net
chithead,gentoo/developer/chithanh,ChÔøΩ-Thanh Christopher Nguy?n,sinisalo.freenode.net
jmorgani_,nat/intel/x-gseucgdwcnukxpog,Jack Morgan,barjavel.freenode.net
dilfridge,gentoo/developer/dilfridge,Andreas K. Huettel,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kakwa,erebor.fr,kakwa,asimov.freenode.net
rangerpbzzzz,24-179-246-242.dhcp.roch.mn.charter.com,Brent Baude,asimov.freenode.net
undersys,unaffiliated/undersys,undersys,hitchcock.freenode.net
klondike,gentoo/developer/klondike,klondike,verne.freenode.net
ssvb,dsl-espbrasgw1-54fa71-124.dhcp.inet.fi,Siarhei Siamashka,karatkievich.freenode.net
Dave123,cpe-172-101-236-116.rochester.res.rr.com,David Liana,sinisalo.freenode.net
emerald,p5DEC872F.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Smaragd,tepper.freenode.net
nerdboy,gentoo/developer/nerdboy,Steve Arnold,card.freenode.net
offus,2a04:1980:3100:1aab:290:faff:fe70:a60a,nope,rajaniemi.freenode.net
antispaceman,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe89:bc32,spaceman,niven.freenode.net
TommyC,unaffiliated/sepulchralbloom,TommyC,weber.freenode.net
tuxdev,unaffiliated/tuxdev,Timothy Goya,card.freenode.net
voidMOSity,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mwvtedszjcpygddl,voidMOSity,sinisalo.freenode.net
Alan_Hicks,harrier.slackbuilds.org,Alan Hicks,barjavel.freenode.net
zZap-X,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/zzap-x,zZap-X,orwell.freenode.net
snux,net-93-149-188-21.cust.vodafonedsl.it,snux,niven.freenode.net
karswell,188.67.198.146.dyn.plus.net,karswell,asimov.freenode.net
jgeboski,unaffiliated/jgeboski,jgeboski,orwell.freenode.net
poprocks,toroon1014w-lp130-02-69-157-0-61.dsl.bell.ca,poprocks,leguin.freenode.net
PBSandwich,unaffiliated/pbsandwich,jasper,asimov.freenode.net
higuita,2a01:240:fe00:82a7:ec72:50ff:fe96:f291,higuita,sinisalo.freenode.net
usr13,74.113.246.185,terry,niven.freenode.net
dflurker,metaportal.ru,Dmitry,verne.freenode.net
diabel,pi3.com.pl,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
Stx,freenode/staff-emeritus/stx,Si hoc legere scis, nimium eruditionis habes.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jeaye,unaffiliated/jeaye,Jeaye,card.freenode.net
mishehu,heartofgold.eyepeeveesicks.shavedgoats.net,I put the Who? in Mishehu,leguin.freenode.net
libertas,a95-95-94-173.cpe.netcabo.pt,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
pink_mist,p3m/pink-mist,someone,card.freenode.net
Urchlay,c-73-43-140-231.hsd1.ga.comcast.net,dammit,verne.freenode.net
Sandman1,unaffiliated/sandman1,Ryan,wolfe.freenode.net
samtux,unaffiliated/samtux,samtux,niven.freenode.net
_spk_,ma.sdf.org,Steve,adams.freenode.net
Ig0r,MIND.THE.GAP.NIEE.INFO,,adams.freenode.net
ishigoya,system.ishigoya.com,Áü≥Â∞èÂ±ã,adams.freenode.net
jailbox,0120600178.0.fullrate.ninja,Lars Johannsen,niven.freenode.net
Disorganized,52.26.88.11,Disorganized,hitchcock.freenode.net
Dj_Dexter,gentoo/user/dj-dexter,Dark_X,card.freenode.net
cookimon,c-68-45-21-223.hsd1.in.comcast.net,bob jammit,orwell.freenode.net
harjarX,88.95.75.47,Ottar √ò√¶√•,wolfe.freenode.net
Nh3xus,unaffiliated/nh3xus,realname,adams.freenode.net
ananke,about/linux/regular/ananke,none,rajaniemi.freenode.net
HedgeWork,unaffiliated/hedgemage,Susan Sons,asimov.freenode.net
madbear,madbear.biz,dude,adams.freenode.net
ephemer0l,unaffiliated/ephemer0l,ephemer0l,wilhelm.freenode.net
sftp,unaffiliated/sftp,sftp,leguin.freenode.net
tfm,90.193.102.227,tfm,leguin.freenode.net
xor29ah,187.39.7.209,...,adams.freenode.net
zhadum,connie.slackware.com,Shadow of Z'ha'dum,weber.freenode.net
SpacePlod,echo.outlandz.net,Space Plod,verne.freenode.net
K4k,unaffiliated/k4k,K4k,hitchcock.freenode.net
Jaghnat,gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.198.31.48,128.198.31.48 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
wedin,88.129.189.48,M Wedin,barjavel.freenode.net
wukong,longaeva.0x09c5.net,wukong,weber.freenode.net
weltzooo5,162.243.110.169,weltz,asimov.freenode.net
crn_,host86-148-160-200.range86-148.btcentralplus.com,Chris Newport,hitchcock.freenode.net
eir,freenode/utility-bot/eir,eir version 0.0.1,odin.freenode.net
dsnow,the.sluggish.ninja,dsnow,adams.freenode.net
eldre,blip.afturgurluk.net,eldre,wolfe.freenode.net
majorsecurity,unaffiliated/aceofspades19,aceofspades19,card.freenode.net
kelsoo,dragora/developer/kelsoo,kelsoo,karatkievich.freenode.net
Asmadeus,shellium/staff/developer.Asmadeus,Dominique Martinet,karatkievich.freenode.net
TTris,unaffiliated/ttris,realname,asimov.freenode.net
signal11,abq.quaddro.net,Tuner Watson,barjavel.freenode.net
illusionary,rakanishu.hack-talk.info,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
hinbody,c-50-141-152-213.hsd1.in.comcast.net,Harley Inbody,sinisalo.freenode.net
sethkush,host166-175.resnet.ubc.ca,realname,tepper.freenode.net
tM^caoX,h-170-76.a486.priv.bahnhof.se,surplus,tepper.freenode.net
kkady32,unaffiliated/kkady32,realname,card.freenode.net
robgraves,unaffiliated/robgraves,robgraves,karatkievich.freenode.net
e,freenode/staff/spy.edk,Ed Kellett,niven.freenode.net
ProbablyAndy,unaffiliated/probablyandy,andy,orwell.freenode.net
zaxe,97-103-115-163.res.bhn.net,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
aaro,unaffiliated/xyox/x-040147,aaro,asimov.freenode.net
Scartozzo,2-238-140-4.ip244.fastwebnet.it,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
yves_del_harlow,85.93.145.16,ydh,wolfe.freenode.net
sparetire,unaffiliated/sparetire,spare,orwell.freenode.net
kpuc,46-97-229-216.sr2.pon.net,kpuc,niven.freenode.net
sveva65,unaffiliated/sveva65,Sverre V√•ben√∏,leguin.freenode.net
BustyLoliChan,c-67-163-66-115.hsd1.ut.comcast.net,realname,card.freenode.net
PragCyph1,x4e31fb08.dyn.telefonica.de,cypher,karatkievich.freenode.net
anavel,unaffiliated/anavel,gato,leguin.freenode.net
AntiSpamMeta,AntiSpamMeta/.,http://antispammeta.net,leguin.freenode.net
CathyBlue,172.78.63.96,Cathy Garrett,sinisalo.freenode.net
Rome,unaffiliated/rome,Based God,karatkievich.freenode.net
nawcom,c-68-41-7-55.hsd1.mi.comcast.net,nawcom,niven.freenode.net
ut,unaffiliated/ut,ut,orwell.freenode.net
Synergiance,lsv1.synerfiles.info,Synergiance,weber.freenode.net
erik,slackbuilds.org,I am not an Atomic Playboy.,karatkievich.freenode.net
Cultist,unaffiliated/cultist,CultOfThePony,rajaniemi.freenode.net
vowels,samwise.codewarp.net,ludwigv,barjavel.freenode.net
bigpaws,75.97.135.227.res-cmts.sewb.ptd.net,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
edong23,mptc-dhcp-50-50.mptelco.com,edong23,barjavel.freenode.net
admiralboom,104.239.160.25,Nathan_Black,asimov.freenode.net
cykr0s,c-76-19-47-167.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,cykros,wilhelm.freenode.net
ldepandis,unaffiliated/ldepandis,ldepandis,hitchcock.freenode.net
Keshl,24.115.181.94.res-cmts.gld.ptd.net,Nofew Fudtefcity,hitchcock.freenode.net
develon,vps1.ghosthunters.no,geir,karatkievich.freenode.net
zakk1,gateway/vpn/mullvad/x-vwauncdrzmavemlw,zakk,barjavel.freenode.net
Drakevr,unaffiliated/drakevr,~_~,wilhelm.freenode.net
Dominian,opensuse/member/dominian,dominian,niven.freenode.net
zjmc_,pool-98-110-141-202.bstnma.east.verizon.net,JMC,tepper.freenode.net
edman007,pdpc/supporter/active/edman007,Ed Martin,asimov.freenode.net
dismay,unaffiliated/dismay,user,leguin.freenode.net
tjm,jew.gold,ninex,orwell.freenode.net
jiggawattz,w0000.net,j. iggawattz,orwell.freenode.net
KaMii,unaffiliated/kamii,KaMii,barjavel.freenode.net
canyouscore,104.131.201.210,vhumphrey,verne.freenode.net
r00trider,windy.fakelag.net,Joel,tepper.freenode.net
thumbs,unaffiliated/thumbs,Frank Gingras,orwell.freenode.net
woddf2,unaffiliated/woddfellow2,Anonymous Coward,wolfe.freenode.net
IntelRNG,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-uvultqbvupkjhlij,IntelRNG,wilhelm.freenode.net
skyroveRR,unaffiliated/skyroverr,skyroveRR,weber.freenode.net
catsup,ps38852.dreamhost.com,d,karatkievich.freenode.net
g_zen----,195.24.90.244,purple,weber.freenode.net
michael4,72.20.57.131,michael,adams.freenode.net
ruddur,unaffiliated/ruddur,ruddur,hitchcock.freenode.net
eleksir,exs-elm.ru,Sergei,adams.freenode.net
solez,36.84.138.30,runner,card.freenode.net
`Eddie,unaffiliated/eddie/x-2286721,Ed,tepper.freenode.net
necromonger,5.18.220.181,Necromonger,wilhelm.freenode.net
TheLive1,unaffiliated/thelive1,TheLive1,hitchcock.freenode.net
plow,unaffiliated/plow,plow,wolfe.freenode.net
FatalNIX,unaffiliated/fatalnix,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
v3gard,unaffiliated/v3gard,Vegard,orwell.freenode.net
bforte,mikaeus.net,Bruce Forte,hitchcock.freenode.net
zmyrgel,a91-153-249-132.elisa-laajakaista.fi,tmy,wilhelm.freenode.net
shael,h77-53-191-139.cust.se.alltele.net,shaelthetank,orwell.freenode.net
whaletechno,unaffiliated/whaletechno,Ronnie,adams.freenode.net
rworkman,mirrors.slackware.com,Robby Workman,asimov.freenode.net
betheynyx,45.63.76.107,Public key was not set,wilhelm.freenode.net
rabbitear,168.235.152.202,kreator,card.freenode.net
lexAngeles,ec2-52-90-90-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Lex Angeles,card.freenode.net
ajolo,104.131.117.5,ajolo,adams.freenode.net
mmlj4,ip98-163-252-185.no.no.cox.net,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
Trademark91,burning.moe,trademark91,barjavel.freenode.net
reverse_light,ntszok079247.szok.nt.adsl.ppp.infoweb.ne.jp,reverse_light,niven.freenode.net
Zosma,213.183.56.160,Jorrit Tijben,weber.freenode.net
ppetrov^,81-175-230-148.bb.dnainternet.fi,Petrov,leguin.freenode.net
echelon,bzflag/player/echelon,echelon,card.freenode.net
noryungi,AMontsouris-652-1-63-199.w92-163.abo.wanadoo.fr,Gil ANDRE,asimov.freenode.net
oni^,kapsi.fi,Mika,rajaniemi.freenode.net
krizzo,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-xjcjqsxqudxogsne,krizzo,wolfe.freenode.net
jdetring,ip98-184-180-141.tu.ok.cox.net,jdetring,weber.freenode.net
funnel,unaffiliated/espiral,funnel,hitchcock.freenode.net
iamtew,stupid.systems,Mikael,weber.freenode.net
insmodppa,unaffiliated/insmodppa,It's Broken,tepper.freenode.net
mid-kid,ny1.hashbang.sh,mid-kid,rajaniemi.freenode.net
everdred,li1265-152.members.linode.com,irssi,sinisalo.freenode.net
ocb,electromusic.bz,dicA,hitchcock.freenode.net
MetaNova,unaffiliated/metanova,zero-one,wolfe.freenode.net
nhandler,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.nhandler,Nathan Handler,karatkievich.freenode.net
g_zen,195.24.90.244,realname,adams.freenode.net
shermanramni_,pc-142-250-214-201.cm.vtr.net,Sherman, the Ramni,tepper.freenode.net
ruskie,sourcemage/mage/ruskie,ruskie,adams.freenode.net
SibrekExuus,178.62.19.205,SibrekExuus,sinisalo.freenode.net
goarilla,unaffiliated/goarilla,idontwantaname,asimov.freenode.net
laprjns,c-71-235-151-110.hsd1.ct.comcast.net,purple,barjavel.freenode.net
MrC,mrbenc.net,Ben,asimov.freenode.net
mario,unaffiliated/mario,Nothing here, move along.,adams.freenode.net
onnex,mustatilhi.cs.tut.fi,Onni Hytonen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zannix,23.227.160.103,aqnnis,asimov.freenode.net
fiyawerx,c-174-60-237-128.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,fiyawerx,hitchcock.freenode.net
infina,unaffiliated/infina,infina,weber.freenode.net
RoguePointer,unaffiliated/roguepointer,RoguePointer,niven.freenode.net
maco,unaffiliated/maco,Mackenzie,wilhelm.freenode.net
notadamthing,unaffiliated/nonothing,Owl,sinisalo.freenode.net
cd80,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/emul16,I hate you all,rajaniemi.freenode.net
netrixtardis,praetorian.stealth3.com,netrix,orwell.freenode.net
Skywise,unaffiliated/skywise,Sky,asimov.freenode.net
surfist,122.200.0.2,surfist,weber.freenode.net
Strykar,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe93:899,vector,niven.freenode.net
tuxdev_,unaffiliated/tuxdev,tim,weber.freenode.net
yuki_is_bored,139.193.99.56,Kaisar Arkhan,wilhelm.freenode.net
alisonken1home,47.136.19.75,3,8KenRoberts,verne.freenode.net
Sigyn,freenode/utility-bot/sigyn,https://github.com/freenode/Sigyn,weber.freenode.net
Crosma,unaffiliated/crosma,Crosma,wilhelm.freenode.net
pinion,104.251.216.75,P. Pinion,orwell.freenode.net
p71,75-128-224-180.dhcp.mrqt.mi.charter.com,New Now Know How,barjavel.freenode.net
cantstanya,unaffiliated/cantstanya,chatting,wolfe.freenode.net
jstg,unaffiliated/jstg,jstg,asimov.freenode.net
marnold,unaffiliated/marnold,Matt Arnold,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Master-Passeli,a88-112-146-65.elisa-laajakaista.fi,Joni Martikainen,orwell.freenode.net
stormtracknole,harrier.slackbuilds.org,stn,asimov.freenode.net
mason,unaffiliated/chibapet,mason,niven.freenode.net
Budd^,dsl-181-091.atcnet.net,realname,card.freenode.net
hpcr2013,coreos2.lobsternetworks.com,HPCR,rajaniemi.freenode.net
wed,h83-209-55-203.cust.se.alltele.net,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
get,unaffiliated/get,Bouncer powered by Hurricane-Computing.com,weber.freenode.net
Slumlord_,2600:3c01:e001:3920::2,Slumlord_,wilhelm.freenode.net
Lex_NewtoN,5.44.169.197,user838928,wolfe.freenode.net
MrJackson,c-73-175-2-230.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,Mister,tepper.freenode.net
Stanto,li285-77.members.linode.com,Stanto,niven.freenode.net
sodomy,unaffiliated/sodomy,Darren Austin,adams.freenode.net
AlphaOmega82,CPE48ee0c279953-CMbc140153e510.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
alistoriv,73.175.35.127,unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
spiraliz,2a03:b0c0:2:d0::f72:1,spiraliz,sinisalo.freenode.net
pyllyukko,unaffiliated/pyllyukko,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
delcaran,45.62.226.72,Delcaran,wolfe.freenode.net
humma,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-bfcnhibucivlqqja,Na,wilhelm.freenode.net
yosafbridge,68.ip-149-56-14.net,yosafbridge,orwell.freenode.net
BlackIkeEagle,archlinux/trusteduser/blackikeeagle,BlackIkeEagle,orwell.freenode.net
Wallis,unaffiliated/wallis,Wallis,rajaniemi.freenode.net
phe,wikimedia/phe,realname,niven.freenode.net
HedgeMage,unaffiliated/hedgemage,Susan Sons,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ryanpcmcquen,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-poxycdyxohxurphu,Ryan P.C. McQuen,wolfe.freenode.net
jamesaxl,176.98.129.195,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
qazo,169-0-205-12.ip.afrihost.co.za,qazo,wilhelm.freenode.net
XGizzmo,ampache/staff/XGizzmo,David Somero,adams.freenode.net
oleo,unaffiliated/oleo,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
stux|RC-only,37.48.121.205,stux,verne.freenode.net
_marc`,2001:41d0:8:5527::8,marc,wilhelm.freenode.net
shonudo,unaffiliated/shonudo,user,tepper.freenode.net
byteframe,unaffiliated/byteframe,byteframe,weber.freenode.net
phrag,about/slackware/phrag,phrag,verne.freenode.net
dimm0k,unaffiliated/dimm0k,dimm0k,wilhelm.freenode.net
gbonvehi,mantis.solvnt.ninja,gbonvehi,karatkievich.freenode.net
idlemoor,2001:470:1f09:15ec::1d1e,Spencer",niven.freenode.net
firebird,studioware/developer/darkstar,firebird,leguin.freenode.net
mbourhis,ppp-108.net-188-130-89.static.magiconline.fr,mbourhis,wolfe.freenode.net
Countess_Bathory,unaffiliated/bloodcountess,Milady,orwell.freenode.net
stereo_advance,unaffiliated/stereo-advance/x-9653541,dell,hitchcock.freenode.net
slackie,unaffiliated/slackie,Free as in freedom, not free as in free beer.,barjavel.freenode.net
XDS2010,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-npgfvvkpmjmulcya,XAVIER,wolfe.freenode.net
jkwood,sqlslacker.net,JKWood,asimov.freenode.net
ron1n,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe9b:6ced,Rusty Shackleford,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mixfix41,unaffiliated/mixfix41,EmeraldCity,hitchcock.freenode.net
ELLIOTTCABLE,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qkatvegbxzvtudpe,Elliott Cable,sinisalo.freenode.net
legit,unaffiliated/petru,Petru M.,barjavel.freenode.net
Guest69057,75-130-128-134.dhcp.spbg.sc.charter.com,unknown,verne.freenode.net
The-spiki,unaffiliated/the-spiki,Nenad Spirkoski,orwell.freenode.net
fdcx,ceata/consiliu/FDCX,Cornel-Florentin Dimitriu,orwell.freenode.net
jfeise,2602:306:3771:7580:76d0:2bff:fe33:4a3d,J. Joe Feise,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
KOD3N,freebsd/lover/kod3n,KOD3N,wolfe.freenode.net
khronosschoty,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-awyzocbsjzqobnnj,khronosschoty,wilhelm.freenode.net
Tristan-Speccy,213.163.67.18,Tristan,orwell.freenode.net
Kostenko,bl5-166-253.dsl.telepac.pt,Kostenko,verne.freenode.net
hiroki,unaffiliated/hiroki,Hiroki Yamamoto,orwell.freenode.net
Aal_,chickencatcher.co.uk,Is porn short for popcorn?,asimov.freenode.net
ewong,unaffiliated/ewong,narf!,wilhelm.freenode.net
hoobop,unaffiliated/hoobop,user,wolfe.freenode.net
Zordrak_,unaffiliated/zordrak,Jaz,verne.freenode.net
eviljames,studioware/developer/asshat,eviljames,adams.freenode.net
Stealth,sourcemage/archon/stealth,V,rajaniemi.freenode.net
NaCl,unaffilated/nacl/x-827312,Andrew Psaltis,orwell.freenode.net
Rachael,2001:16d8:ff1c:23:dead:beef:babe:5,Jacob Dah Pind,wolfe.freenode.net
acerbic,2602:30a:2cf9:4710:f27b:cbff:fe81:c6b3,eshafer,wolfe.freenode.net
meisteris,unaffiliated/meisteris,realname,card.freenode.net
ap0calypse,unaffiliated/ap0calypse,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
Cthulhux`,piratenpartei/ni/tux,Rosa Elefant,weber.freenode.net
Black-Wolf,a89-155-237-227.cpe.netcabo.pt,I just curse the sun, so i can howl at the moon,verne.freenode.net
tse,81.4.122.17,tse,card.freenode.net
simplex,unaffiliated/simplesso,simplex,card.freenode.net
fstd,unaffiliated/fisted,fstd,verne.freenode.net
mescalito_,unaffiliated/mescal,realname,orwell.freenode.net
jareth_,2001:980:e1c0:1:219:66ff:fea0:a502,me,sinisalo.freenode.net
willysr,unaffiliated/willysr,realname,adams.freenode.net
godane,c-24-62-246-85.hsd1.nh.comcast.net,purple,tepper.freenode.net
ghavil,unaffiliated/geekatcomputers,Wouldn't you like to know...,orwell.freenode.net
j4ke,gateway/shell/anapnea.net/x-ligdblvwmufrftwo,Giacomo,hitchcock.freenode.net
singalaut,unaffiliated/singalaut,Sea Lion,wilhelm.freenode.net
f6k,gam14-2-82-230-24-87.fbx.proxad.net,f6k,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dive,studioware/developer/dive,David,barjavel.freenode.net
PiterPunk,connie.slackware.com,Roberto Batista,wolfe.freenode.net
ttks,46-97-229-216.sr2.pon.net,TTK Ciar,wolfe.freenode.net
MinceR,unaffiliated/mincer,.: Mincer Lightbringer :.,niven.freenode.net
SpeedEvil,tor/regular/SpeedEvil,Ian Stirling,wolfe.freenode.net
rennj,host-69-146-167-35.static.bresnan.net,rennj,karatkievich.freenode.net
slackmagic,li44-236.members.linode.com,Jo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pprkut,slackbuilds.org,Heinz Wiesinger,wolfe.freenode.net
snax,2601:643:0:139f:3cff:b81b:14e7:aa28,Ian,leguin.freenode.net
Beebz,unaffiliated/beebz,Beebz,hitchcock.freenode.net
MarioMaster100,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-nudqybwzasqdylps,IceWolf,leguin.freenode.net
wigums,unaffiliated/wigums,wigums,verne.freenode.net
bokuno,unaffiliated/bokuno,unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
namix,unaffiliated/namix,Andreas Beck,niven.freenode.net
brian|lfs,pool-108-48-174-177.washdc.fios.verizon.net,realname,leguin.freenode.net
daidoji,66-191-219-191.dhcp.spbg.sc.charter.com,daidoji,hitchcock.freenode.net
MillerBoss,107.191.50.190,Boss Miller,asimov.freenode.net
mb06cs,unaffiliated/mb06cs,Matthieu B,wolfe.freenode.net
emmflo,59.ip-51-254-102.eu,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
merlin8282,14.81.91.91.rev.sfr.net,Merlin L'Enchanteur,wolfe.freenode.net
patinux,unaffiliated/patinux,patinux,karatkievich.freenode.net
Dereckson,wikimedia/Dereckson,S√©bastien Santoro,orwell.freenode.net
peder,nordur.ifi.uio.no,Peder Stray,niven.freenode.net
GMsoft,host-85-27-21-125.dynamic.voo.be,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
benteaa,nordur.ifi.uio.no,Bente Christine Aasgaard,verne.freenode.net
earl,pdpc/supporter/active/earl,earl,wilhelm.freenode.net
NhanH,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nwjszdvrbnqdvtqu,Nhan Ho,wolfe.freenode.net
iiqux,strain.at,iiqux,adams.freenode.net
Breadbasket,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-gqgvxsmcsiceueyl,Breadbasket,wolfe.freenode.net
jAg,104.219.107.83,Billiam Gates III,hitchcock.freenode.net
asterbot___,193.211.178.107.bc.googleusercontent.com,cinch,wilhelm.freenode.net
Hail_Spacecake,c-24-130-121-129.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
ntan_,66.79.148.146.bc.googleusercontent.com,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
Asterism-work,nat/google/x-bnvdrijzojfvpxlm,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
ntan1,173-164-176-209-SFBA.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,purple,asimov.freenode.net
edilaic,c-73-92-174-65.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Edward Karuna,hitchcock.freenode.net
relayer,bfnt/utility-bot/relayer,Free Relayer Service - #relayer,barjavel.freenode.net
wlp1s1,unaffiliated/iczero,iczero,rajaniemi.freenode.net
`j,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-lqavjajxrzqusszx,bored,adams.freenode.net
Tims_Tech,unaffiliated/tims-tech,Tim Wanders,weber.freenode.net
wolfy1339,botters/wolfy1339,wolfy1339,banks.freenode.net
Zoddo,bfnt/member/zoddo,Yohan Prod'homme,rajaniemi.freenode.net
IndigoTiger,sahara.sigint.pw,Bradley Shaw,wolfe.freenode.net
BigWolfy1339,botters/wolf1339/bot/bigwolfy1339,BigWolfy1339,wolfe.freenode.net
zIRCBot2,botters/wolf1339/bot/bigwolfy1339,A zIRC bot,sinisalo.freenode.net
JeDa,codebottle.io/user/jeda,Jes√∫s Hern√°ndez,hitchcock.freenode.net
BWBellairs,botters/BWBellairs,i am totally bwbellairs,wolfe.freenode.net
chemistry,unaffiliated/radioneat,RadioNeat/LV,karatkievich.freenode.net
dan2wik,unaffiliated/evil-dan2wik/x-0106201,dan2wik,asimov.freenode.net
zantekuken,49.35.82.146,Zantekuken,niven.freenode.net
iTXTech,unaffiliated/pocketkiller/bot/pocketbot,iTXTech Leading Bot,wilhelm.freenode.net
moonythedwarf,unaffiliated/moonythedwarf,realname,adams.freenode.net
Diag,5.ip-158-69-208.net,Diag,karatkievich.freenode.net
moony,unaffiliated/moonythedwarf,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
Bowserinator,unaffiliated/bowserinator,Bowserinator,orwell.freenode.net
NeoNamo,wikipedia/unapersona,NeoMahler,card.freenode.net
eclipse,zirc/eclipse,why does somebody not know how to flush the toilet,tepper.freenode.net
cats,unaffiliated/cats,cats,rajaniemi.freenode.net
beaky,2a03:b0c0:0:1010::123:5003,beaky,karatkievich.freenode.net
iovoid,unaffiliated/iovoid,iovoid,wolfe.freenode.net
MoooBot,lykos/jeda/bot/jedabot,MoooOoOOoOOooOooooOOOOOo!,sinisalo.freenode.net
mitaine,put92-4-82-231-48-47.fbx.proxad.net,lol,verne.freenode.net
e-vi,2001:41d0:a:5b1d::1:20,elly,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Jojal,kanar.ci0.org,CM bot,wolfe.freenode.net
evi-tel,LFbn-1-6156-19.w90-109.abo.wanadoo.fr,Android IRC Client,orwell.freenode.net
Selbst,40.150.11.109.rev.sfr.net,Cyril,wilhelm.freenode.net
cognet,kanar.ci0.org,Pluxor,barjavel.freenode.net
charmainent,sud35-7-78-214-30-120.fbx.proxad.net,purple,barjavel.freenode.net
m4tt____,devsub.net,matt,barjavel.freenode.net
m4tt__,devsub.net,matt,adams.freenode.net
m4tt,devsub.net,matt,niven.freenode.net
acidfoo_-,24-212-247-227.cable.teksavvy.com,nib,asimov.freenode.net
aboudreault,osgeo/member/aboudreault,Alan Boudreault,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
acidfoo-_,24-212-247-227.cable.teksavvy.com,nbouliane,tepper.freenode.net
Azundris,2001:bc8:4400:2300::1b:70f,Tatiana Azundris,karatkievich.freenode.net
Robe,amd.co.at,Michael Renner,adams.freenode.net
Zela,euve73186.serverprofi24.de,Zela,barjavel.freenode.net
stivo,p54B99BF2.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Steven,weber.freenode.net
erkules_,pdpc/supporter/professional/erkules,erkan,weber.freenode.net
PinkyFly,www.localghost.us,Pinky,verne.freenode.net
hakank,188.40.45.82,Hakan K√ºc√ºkyilmaz,barjavel.freenode.net
shinguz,146.121.62.81.dynamic.wline.res.cust.swisscom.ch,Oli Sennhauser,barjavel.freenode.net
hamsta,2a01:4f8:120:124a::2,Hamstaman,adams.freenode.net
knittl,unaffiliated/knittl,knittl,wolfe.freenode.net
archivist,host81-149-189-98.in-addr.btopenworld.com,archivist,wilhelm.freenode.net
Isotopp,pdpc/supporter/professional/isotopp,none,wilhelm.freenode.net
zero85,mail.rtft.de,zero,adams.freenode.net
tm,360.vmworld.it,sinnlos,sinisalo.freenode.net
the_XL,pD9E88388.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Axel Schwenke,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
hartmut_,aftr-37-24-144-113.unity-media.net,Hartmut Holzgraefe,rajaniemi.freenode.net
the_wench,81.149.189.98,Net_SmartIRC Client 1.0.0 ($Revision: 1.54.2.14 $),card.freenode.net
albertlast,0exclusive.de,nix,karatkievich.freenode.net
andi,unaffiliated/fr00d,Andreas Nitsche,verne.freenode.net
NemesisD,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gzkolntzheadpous,NemesisD,rajaniemi.freenode.net
postpunkjustin,198.199.114.178,justinholguin,niven.freenode.net
martinga_,pool-96-232-88-46.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,Textual User,karatkievich.freenode.net
lpaste,unaffiliated/chrisdone,lpaste,niven.freenode.net
phadej,huma.la,Oleg Grenrus,adams.freenode.net
stepcut_,c-50-172-171-250.hsd1.il.comcast.net,stepcut,verne.freenode.net
draynium,45.63.76.107,needs coffee,rajaniemi.freenode.net
imalsogreg,brain-and-cog-eleven.mit.edu,unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
MarcelineVQ,S0106602ad0983de6.no.shawcable.net,anjana,hitchcock.freenode.net
jml,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rosokqqfnixvsrzg,Jonathan Lange,adams.freenode.net
pikajude,unaffiliated/otters,pikajude,orwell.freenode.net
insitu,122.173.10.109.rev.sfr.net,Textual User,card.freenode.net
Xe,infoforcefeed/Xe,Xe,weber.freenode.net
ocharles_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oiwisterqzmqgmyt,Oliver Charles,wilhelm.freenode.net
runeks,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bneovhitfrgwodkk,Rune K. Svendsen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rodlogic,ec2-54-84-114-28.compute-1.amazonaws.com,rodlogic,niven.freenode.net
Miduni,168.235.67.2,Miduni,verne.freenode.net
mbrcknl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fffgwjolumyrpcjy,Matthew Brecknell,adams.freenode.net
alpounet,62-210-84-239.rev.poneytelecom.eu,alp,card.freenode.net
etrepum,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-idapsthametiwylk,Bob Ippolito,wilhelm.freenode.net
przembot,185.56.175.154,przembot,adams.freenode.net
fycth_,mail.oslikas.com,Got ZNC?,niven.freenode.net
augur,c-73-46-94-9.hsd1.fl.comcast.net,augur,hitchcock.freenode.net
kosmikus,haskell/developer/kosmikus,Kosmikus,wilhelm.freenode.net
jkarni,62-210-169-129.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Jkarni,karatkievich.freenode.net
BrianHV_,li133-225.members.linode.com,Brian Victor,asimov.freenode.net
blackdog,198.211.112.85,Mark Wotton,karatkievich.freenode.net
hvr,haskell/developer/hvr,Herbert Valerio Riedel,barjavel.freenode.net
supki,li305-103.members.linode.com,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
myfreeweb,unrelenting.technology,Greg,karatkievich.freenode.net
shapr,haskell/developer/shapr,Shae Erisson,verne.freenode.net
srhb,194.61.211.130.bc.googleusercontent.com,Sarah,karatkievich.freenode.net
dgpratt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uicfqxrxnppvrigi,Daniel Pratt,adams.freenode.net
mpickering,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-berwzulwzweykqyw,Matthew Pickering,orwell.freenode.net
joneshf-laptop,c-73-220-86-28.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Hardy Jones,niven.freenode.net
pkogan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oowszqbxivhjckxe,Pavel Kogan,adams.freenode.net
joncfoo,2605:6000:1521:80de:caa0:30ff:feb1:24b0,joncfoo,karatkievich.freenode.net
shahn,mail.open-projects.net,shahn,barjavel.freenode.net
cschneid,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe73:9540,cschneid,wilhelm.freenode.net
silver,93.85.50.147,silver,orwell.freenode.net
tazjin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-brdzmfshqnvaobqm,tazjin,sinisalo.freenode.net
seanparsons,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tgmihaopxivcgkxr,Sean Parsons,adams.freenode.net
relrod,redhat/relrod,rickymain,asimov.freenode.net
arianvp,arianvp.me,ghost,orwell.freenode.net
mietek,unaffiliated/mietek,Mi√´tek Bak,sinisalo.freenode.net
mitchty,130-245-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,Mitchell Tishmack,card.freenode.net
7ITAAABAS,178.79.159.224,nikola,niven.freenode.net
etcinit,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cfupntkwqledekmu,etcinit,wolfe.freenode.net
Axman6,pdpc/supporter/student/Axman6,Alex Mason,roddenberry.freenode.net
dredozubov,37.139.21.214,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
zyla,185.56.175.154,zyla,karatkievich.freenode.net
dmj`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qfjjynrbutctuuyn,David johnson,leguin.freenode.net
ehamberg,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gdayqjtezmqoykco,Erlend Hamberg,wilhelm.freenode.net
bsermons,205.185.124.86,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
luite,luite.com,Luite Stegeman,karatkievich.freenode.net
luigy,104.236.106.229,luigy,orwell.freenode.net
gargawel,212.83.144.58,Ga√´l Deest,asimov.freenode.net
prooftechnique,185.14.184.86,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
metalrain,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rivszxqodfkrxrjt,Otto Martikainen,niven.freenode.net
tsani,ec2-52-25-106-113.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,jake,hitchcock.freenode.net
gnusosa,unaffiliated/gnusosa,gnusosa,karatkievich.freenode.net
alanz,gateway/shell/firrre/x-tuqpcippfbkyuzmf,alanz,adams.freenode.net
LnL,78-23-24-36.access.telenet.be,L0CKnL0aD7,leguin.freenode.net
jle`,unaffiliated/mstksg,= "Justin Le",sinisalo.freenode.net
tero-,94-237-26-41.de-fra1.host.upcloud.com,Tero Laitinen,adams.freenode.net
shirt,adsl-v01-3db14831dc15da1b.tau.ac.il,shirt,leguin.freenode.net
dhananjay,gateway/shell/firrre/x-xxmxjglwczpwgtyk,dhananjay,adams.freenode.net
tolt,li697-66.members.linode.com,Kevin,asimov.freenode.net
KaneTW,srv2.kane.cx,kane,karatkievich.freenode.net
Arguggi,arguggi-do.arguggi.co.uk,Arguggi,asimov.freenode.net
seagreen,gateway/shell/ncsu/x-ugvtfaowiyxcdvqc,seagreen,asimov.freenode.net
jophish,62.254.189.147,Joe Hermaszewski,barjavel.freenode.net
codedmart,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hnnwwmufsxpwejua,Brandon Martin,wilhelm.freenode.net
simony,unaffiliated/lokisnake,Simon,karatkievich.freenode.net
yamadapc,ec2-52-90-55-36.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Pedro Tacla Yamada,asimov.freenode.net
Fuuzetsu,37.139.11.195,Shana,karatkievich.freenode.net
Caelum,cachemiss.com,Rafael Kitover,karatkievich.freenode.net
kunwon1,unaffiliated/kunwon1,Specialization is for Insects.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
methamp,2604:a880:400:d0::8bd:6006,I'm big in Japan Ô£ø,niven.freenode.net
yarddog,belencomputers/staff/yarddog,yarddog,karatkievich.freenode.net
Branes,60-241-114-101.static.tpgi.com.au,Brains,asimov.freenode.net
memford,loud.house,memford,verne.freenode.net
sysop42,lb.jabb.im,WebIRC-User,leguin.freenode.net
EiNSTeiN_,unaffiliated/einstein/x-615171,einstein,card.freenode.net
Alcest,69.64.40.177,Ecailles de lune,leguin.freenode.net
kmehall,droplet.kevinmehall.com,Kevin,,,,wolfe.freenode.net
bibor,shells.server.aachen.ccc.de,bibor,card.freenode.net
JankoHrasok,mail.spseke.sk,...,orwell.freenode.net
uwe_,ipservice-092-217-109-029.092.217.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Uwe Hermann,card.freenode.net
charisma,unaffiliated/charisma,charisma,leguin.freenode.net
goldrak,bl16-57-57.dsl.telepac.pt,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
Maxell,duplex.bewaar.me,Maxell,tepper.freenode.net
thefinn93,unaffiliated/thefinn93,finn,sinisalo.freenode.net
iZsh,microprobing.and.ha.cki.ng,iZsh,barjavel.freenode.net
rah,verain.settrans.net,Bob Ham,rajaniemi.freenode.net
DrDeke,deculator.rustytel.net,DrDeke,card.freenode.net
OsmoCarpenteR__,ppp005055002160.access.hol.gr,ok,rajaniemi.freenode.net
valloc,178.62.160.201,valloc,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
SirCmpwn,irc.sircmpwn.com,Drew DeVault,adams.freenode.net
prom_,babbage.opendylan.org,Ingo Albrecht,asimov.freenode.net
Eimann,courante.etherkiller.de,Dominik Bay,wolfe.freenode.net
jdoe,falseprophet.ca,gun with a built-in mouthpiece,weber.freenode.net
steve|m,osmocom/steve-m,Steve M.,asimov.freenode.net
dflow,h82-143-178-130-static.e-wro.net.pl,Unexistent Flow,tepper.freenode.net
AChemeris,2601:647:4e00:124:a005:f28d:c7f:f253,Alexander Chemeris,wolfe.freenode.net
pabs3,unaffiliated/pabs3,Paul Wise http://bonedaddy.net/pabs3/,weber.freenode.net
Guest5189,sunbeam.gnumonks.org,Harald Welte,wolfe.freenode.net
spe,213-21-119-243.customer.t3.se,Stefan Petersen,wolfe.freenode.net
lynxis,unaffiliated/lynxis,lynxis lazus,verne.freenode.net
_Tom_,46.198.200.127,realname,verne.freenode.net
Sec42,mcp.42.org,Sec,niven.freenode.net
uwe_mobile,static.173.76.9.176.clients.your-server.de,uwe,weber.freenode.net
Xor0X,unaffiliated/xor0x,Xor0X,leguin.freenode.net
dreamss2,sf1.hashbang.sh,bitch i eat people,tepper.freenode.net
Guest90258,52.27.201.92,emp,adams.freenode.net
v4s,uwantmy.info,v4s,barjavel.freenode.net
u0m3,188.25.14.68,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
trango,66-238-4-142.starstream.net,trango,card.freenode.net
strcpy_,ns351622.ovh.net,strcpy,asimov.freenode.net
Jenda`,dekatron.hrach.eu,Astar Seran,weber.freenode.net
keyvan,unaffiliated/k3yvn,Got ZNC?,leguin.freenode.net
impulse,bas1-orangeville23-184-147-20-163.dsl.bell.ca,nope,sinisalo.freenode.net
kamyl,unaffiliated/kamyl,real_name,hitchcock.freenode.net
tnt,osmocom/tnt,Sylvain Munaut,asimov.freenode.net
d1g,sensiblesoccer.de,d1g,barjavel.freenode.net
fredy,193.234.224.97,fredy,adams.freenode.net
BAKup3k_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-igfxsifjvpoqennj,Ben K,karatkievich.freenode.net
nsh,wikipedia/nsh,Smedley Butler,wilhelm.freenode.net
gareth__,unaffiliated/gyaresu,Gareth,orwell.freenode.net
Hopscotch,batida.maintech.de,Christian Daniel,adams.freenode.net
tmbinc___,83.141.3.34,Unknown,card.freenode.net
schneider_,irc.xtort.eu,s,tepper.freenode.net
noselasd,ti0168a400-0595.bb.online.no,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
blackbit,unaffiliated/ahuemer,Alexander Huemer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
guerby,april/board/guerby,Laurent GUERBY,sinisalo.freenode.net
Alina-malina,unaffiliated/alina-malina,Alinka,verne.freenode.net
philhug,vl4.nuke.abacus.ch,philhug,weber.freenode.net
roox,blackhole.pmtu.de,Martin Hauke,rajaniemi.freenode.net
duper,ca4.blackcatz.org,-%-*Unknown*-%-,weber.freenode.net
decipherstatic,2603:3005:4507:bf0:c115:d680:61bb:2e5d,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
Hoernchen,osmocom/Hoernchen,meh,tepper.freenode.net
dustinm`,149.56.14.68,dustinm,wolfe.freenode.net
ahuemer,unaffiliated/ahuemer,Alexander Huemer,wolfe.freenode.net
mybit,45.55.19.240,wow,karatkievich.freenode.net
dhiru,171.61.182.62,dhiru,barjavel.freenode.net
Lcaracol,unaffiliated/lcaracol,dreeepc,,,,orwell.freenode.net
MrCircuitMatt,libia104.ethz.ch,HB9FRV,tepper.freenode.net
analprolapse,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mdjtmvbbeakskzve,John Doe,adams.freenode.net
peremen,kde/pshinjo,Shinjo Park,weber.freenode.net
cyrozap,2604:180:2:69f::45de,cyrozap,wilhelm.freenode.net
riotz,unaffiliated/riotz,.,kornbluth.freenode.net
funnyguy,74.207.236.96,funnyguy,card.freenode.net
miek,unaffiliated/mikechml,mike,wilhelm.freenode.net
horizon,osmocom/horizon,horizon,adams.freenode.net
jomat,2a02:180:a:62:1::1601,jomat2,wilhelm.freenode.net
mangelis,memorex.lerppu.net,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
sparetire,unaffiliated/sparetire,spare,orwell.freenode.net
kugg,vps102.vps.31173.se,user,verne.freenode.net
BuildTheRobots,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mkwawcdiinmhgetm,Me,wolfe.freenode.net
domi007,tomcsanyi.net,Ubuntu,adams.freenode.net
Hoolootwo,sorunome.de,Hooloovoo,wolfe.freenode.net
kaeso,panopea.unstable.it,Luca Bruno,asimov.freenode.net
xnbya,ec2-54-72-128-94.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Alexis Enston,,,,niven.freenode.net
ensign,2001:41d0:8:d711::1,ensign,karatkievich.freenode.net
esmiurium,45.63.76.107,Page Closed,karatkievich.freenode.net
oh2ftg,dsl-espbrasgw1-54f9df-42.dhcp.inet.fi,oh2ftg,adams.freenode.net
dtatulea_,ks3374725.kimsufi.com,dragos,card.freenode.net
Pierre1,bre29-3-78-223-33-15.fbx.proxad.net,purple,hitchcock.freenode.net
joe111,haxelion.eu,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
cheater,84-115-10-238.cable.dynamic.surfer.at,cheater,karatkievich.freenode.net
Oicifrep,unaffiliated/perficio,Perficio,hitchcock.freenode.net
^sez,59.167.161.214,^sez,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
atomicfire,alpha.tacocat.org,atom001,wolfe.freenode.net
swills,freebsd/developer/swills,realname,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
jjmojo^,cpe-24-211-228-182.nc.res.rr.com,jj mojo jj mojo jj mojo jj mojo,adams.freenode.net
gwmngilfen,46.101.74.52,Greg Sutcliffe,karatkievich.freenode.net
G-virt,unaffiliated/g-virt,Gareth,sinisalo.freenode.net
MH0815,ipservice-092-208-145-242.092.208.pools.vodafone-ip.de,name,rajaniemi.freenode.net
WebDawg,officialg0d.com,webdawg,orwell.freenode.net
THX1138`,unaffiliated/zzyzx,Jon Snow,card.freenode.net
buckowski,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-lelzndryonqesijh,bucky,wolfe.freenode.net
blahdodo,69.172.164.248,Peter Pickford,verne.freenode.net
Solbu,home.solbu.net,Johnny A. Solbu,rajaniemi.freenode.net
prooz,eddie.slaskete.net,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
fetzerch_,kodi/staff/fetzerch,Christian Fetzer,wilhelm.freenode.net
ParkerR,unaffiliated/parkerr,ParkerR,adams.freenode.net
hecliunyx,45.63.76.107,hecliunyx,leguin.freenode.net
macmaN,90.190.182.21,i wear my sunglasses at night.,karatkievich.freenode.net
xe`,libreelec/staff/xe,xe xe,karatkievich.freenode.net
freeze,ec2-52-6-138-16.compute-1.amazonaws.com,"Dr Freeze",card.freenode.net
infernix,unaffiliated/infernix,the funk phenomena,weber.freenode.net
_flake,unaffiliated/-flake/x-8546845,cornflake,adams.freenode.net
chris|,unaffiliated/chris/x-9333407,Christian Kampka,orwell.freenode.net
d3spis3m3,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-hyrmjlsgszcnumwe,on,wolfe.freenode.net
fax,91-159-153-77.elisa-laajakaista.fi,fax,wolfe.freenode.net
nibbler_,geekbox.info,sven,,,,weber.freenode.net
makije,x1-6-00-1c-c0-9b-7b-3b.cpe.webspeed.dk,makije,niven.freenode.net
Kodi,kodi/bot/slackbot,nobody,weber.freenode.net
Exposure,82-197-211-81.dsl.cambrium.nl,Patrick Masselink,verne.freenode.net
al,niel.cx,Daniel Albers,wilhelm.freenode.net
chromashadow,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iwrtzijfclkbwtah,Spooky,adams.freenode.net
Sp4rKy,freenode/sponsor/domogik.founder.sp4rky,Maxence DUNNEWIND,asimov.freenode.net
bauruine_,213.239.205.247,bauruine,wolfe.freenode.net
adema,ks397649.ip-192-95-26.net,adema,adams.freenode.net
scronkey,c211-30-206-203.thorn2.nsw.optusnet.com.au,scronkey,niven.freenode.net
freebs,unaffiliated/freebs,freebs,verne.freenode.net
Crash-1,104.131.48.176,Bacon,weber.freenode.net
MatthewAllan93,unaffiliated/matthewallan93,Matthew Allan,wilhelm.freenode.net
surfist,122.200.0.2,surfist,weber.freenode.net
FR^2,2001:41d0:1:f924::1,frquadrat,leguin.freenode.net
qws-user-1228,cpe-76-181-123-141.columbus.res.rr.com,qws-user-1228,niven.freenode.net
Kenodai_,mail.grfzqzq.de,Marc Jaschke,weber.freenode.net
jjrh,2607:f0b0:8:8035:a565:bf22:6427:2da7,jjrh,sinisalo.freenode.net
Appreciated,unaffiliated/appreciated,Appreciated,hitchcock.freenode.net
mariorz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gfpsqhlglwjuopaq,mario romero,rajaniemi.freenode.net
JackWinter,vodsl-5055.vo.lu,Jack Winter,tepper.freenode.net
konubinix,162.48.7.109.rev.sfr.net,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
nst,kodi/staff/herrnst,nst,wilhelm.freenode.net
stintel,madwifi/support/stintel,Stijn Tintel,adams.freenode.net
shoup,45.63.76.107,Slick,leguin.freenode.net
sshnaidm,37.142.193.43,Sagi Shnaidman,leguin.freenode.net
ambr,whatevz.net,Brett Pemberton,asimov.freenode.net
mave_,unaffiliated/mave/x-8614856,Marcel,wilhelm.freenode.net
misterhat,wnpgmb0412w-ds01-51-105.dynamic.mtsallstream.net,Mister Hat,rajaniemi.freenode.net
_Trullo,h-53-230.a357.priv.bahnhof.se,guff33,verne.freenode.net
_abbenormal,d28-23-27-38.dim.wideopenwest.com,abbenormal_,niven.freenode.net
dano5,123.109-247-22.customer.lyse.net,Got ZNC?,leguin.freenode.net
noptys,and.noemailaddress.com,noptys,orwell.freenode.net
Anssi,kodi/staff/anssi,Anssi Hannula,verne.freenode.net
sidv,us.yunix.net,sidv,adams.freenode.net
nilzen,h-242-187.a303.priv.bahnhof.se,nilzen,weber.freenode.net
Jikan,noein.haruka.fr,Jikan,leguin.freenode.net
blazeme8,downtime.rocks,blazeme8,verne.freenode.net
ShaRose,i.am.sharo.se,ShaRose,hitchcock.freenode.net
jpabq,mythtv/developer/jpabq,John Patrick Poet,wilhelm.freenode.net
divx118,5ED66EB7.cm-7-7b.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Maurice,card.freenode.net
newphreak,openelec/staff/newphreak,Anon Ymous,weber.freenode.net
BlackIkeEagle,archlinux/trusteduser/blackikeeagle,BlackIkeEagle,orwell.freenode.net
sandah,cpe-67-243-139-71.nyc.res.rr.com,Sander,barjavel.freenode.net
kukks,samba/team/kukks,kornbluth.freenode.net,kornbluth.freenode.net
folivora,devnull.drwxr-xr-x.eu,_dr0p_,asimov.freenode.net
metaKin,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-wfqqnvidjirtdwhz,its aB,sinisalo.freenode.net
PeperPots,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-exoajbaykdxyhfeo,Jasmine,wilhelm.freenode.net
Peruna,hilla.kapsi.fi,Timi Tuohenmaa,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChrisHC,2001:41d0:8:7ad8::1,ChrisHC,karatkievich.freenode.net
_fortis,static.141.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,fortis,wilhelm.freenode.net
nliadm,xanh.hdonnay.net,Just 'zis guy, you know?,asimov.freenode.net
Ioangogo,huwloosley.plus.com,Ioan,orwell.freenode.net
frals,Maemo/community/contributor/frals,frals,weber.freenode.net
Dimmuxx,unaffiliated/dimmuxx,Dimm,rajaniemi.freenode.net
chainsawbike,unaffiliated/chainsawbike,chainsawbike,card.freenode.net
butcha,unaffiliated/butcha,butcha,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
a1|away,62.27.85.48,Abyss what else,karatkievich.freenode.net
mackal,pool-96-237-144-12.bstnma.fios.verizon.net,Michael Cook,verne.freenode.net
Tristan-Speccy,213.163.67.18,Tristan,orwell.freenode.net
klaasvaaak,unaffiliated/klaasvaaak,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
riker77,ip-84-119-164-186.unity-media.net,Ron,tepper.freenode.net
s8321414,1-174-123-90.dynamic.hinet.net,Jeff Huang,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Rockwolf,Sentinelnet.tk,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
isutoshi,h-142-0.a336.priv.bahnhof.se,.,leguin.freenode.net
frozengeek___,178-117-144-51.access.telenet.be,Simon Peeters,orwell.freenode.net
trn,prone.ws,Jeff Johnson,asimov.freenode.net
doppo,2604:180::e0fc:a07f,doppo,karatkievich.freenode.net
xKlocks,schweiz102.startdedicated.de,xKlocks,barjavel.freenode.net
percY-,138.68.7.139,percY,wilhelm.freenode.net
Azoff,c83-252-179-9.bredband.comhem.se,Torbj√∂rn Svensson,leguin.freenode.net
xSmurf,gateway/vpn/mullvad/x-ywgkgxhrvwifnpmw,Murf,karatkievich.freenode.net
Pythayr,mon-nyc.jamrocc.com,nuh-uh,niven.freenode.net
mths,irssi.science,Mathias,wilhelm.freenode.net
sudosudosudo,47.147.186.176,sudosudosudo,weber.freenode.net
Spr0cket,gateway/shell/xzibition.com/x-cdtnhjddcjxuzwqt,c,adams.freenode.net
astronut,verne.dlgeek.net,Benjamin E. Seidenberg,karatkievich.freenode.net
DjMadness,pdpc/supporter/student/DjMadness,Christopher Moore,wolfe.freenode.net
ius,ics.rayanetisp.ir,ius,asimov.freenode.net
k4tfish,reniced.net,k4tfi5h,karatkievich.freenode.net
ThreeM,gateway/shell/uberspace.de/x-navpakqfbvfconns,DonJohnson,leguin.freenode.net
obli-AWAY,62.27.85.48,Oblivious One,wilhelm.freenode.net
superminor2,2607:5300:60:1b63::1,super,wolfe.freenode.net
bobo1on1,kodi/staff/bob,bob,kornbluth.freenode.net
Guest66203,unaffiliated/normz,Norm,niven.freenode.net
d3vlin_,5ED069D7.cm-7-1b.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Daan Willems,karatkievich.freenode.net
osiman,ayano.nystoyl.com,Brock Samson,niven.freenode.net
nickd25,unaffiliated/nickd25,nick_bnc,weber.freenode.net
AbyssOne,jbeusen-1-pt.tunnel.tserv26.ber1.ipv6.he.net,Abyss One,leguin.freenode.net
saimen,host135-2.natpool.mwn.de,saimen,verne.freenode.net
gregl,cpe-66-67-122-101.nycap.res.rr.com,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
r0sc0e,homer.snack-me.de,Roscoe,kornbluth.freenode.net
tlund,envy.nxs.se,there is no spoon,adams.freenode.net
daftykins,pdpc/supporter/21for7/daftykins,daftykins,kornbluth.freenode.net
ddarrah,c-73-219-107-74.hsd1.nh.comcast.net,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Orphis,adam.orphis.net,Orphis,orwell.freenode.net
thatgraemeguy,unaffiliated/ThatGraemeGuy,Graeme Donaldson,verne.freenode.net
alextai,188.120.133.186,AlexTAI,niven.freenode.net
cspack,162.216.46.62,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
gardar,bnc.giraffi.net,gardar,card.freenode.net
ronx,unaffiliated/ronx,ronx,card.freenode.net
artkrz_,deepthought.krzywanski.net,Artur Krzywanski,wolfe.freenode.net
kaare_,62.61.159.141,Kaare Rasmussen,orwell.freenode.net
ponyofdeath,cpe-76-172-86-115.socal.res.rr.com,vladi,orwell.freenode.net
pyrodex,pyrodex.farted.net,pyrodex,wilhelm.freenode.net
JimmyJ,unaffiliated/jimmyj,geryg,wilhelm.freenode.net
Blathers,71-84-49-129.dhcp.mtpk.ca.charter.com,Somagu,asimov.freenode.net
eldios,adsl203-159-217.mclink.it,Lele - eldios,adams.freenode.net
JoKe|,kapsi.fi,Arf.,adams.freenode.net
]V[,vps8641.xlshosting.net,]V[,asimov.freenode.net
jast_,x55b0fa31.dyn.telefonica.de,jasta,leguin.freenode.net
ketas,200-62-46-176.dyn.estpak.ee,181.6GB U160-SCSI 68-pin 16MB cache 15000rpm,adams.freenode.net
cwhuang,210.240.39.201,ÈªÉÂøóÂÅâ,rajaniemi.freenode.net
csanta,134.134.139.76,purple,weber.freenode.net
strassek,134.134.139.77,Kevin Strasser,wilhelm.freenode.net
xexaxo1,2a00:1098:0:82:1000:25:2eeb:e3e4,Emil Velikov,sinisalo.freenode.net
tpalli,hilla.kapsi.fi,Tapani P√§lli,niven.freenode.net
random_james,134.134.139.82,James Ausmus,sinisalo.freenode.net
kalyanat,50-39-171-76.bvtn.or.frontiernet.net,Kalyan Kondapally,karatkievich.freenode.net
robo7_,unaffiliated/robo7,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
Alcest,69.64.40.177,Ecailles de lune,leguin.freenode.net
Thorn,unaffiliated/thorn,realname,tepper.freenode.net
littleli,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-aybrpuazxhjifhoz,Ales Najmann,wilhelm.freenode.net
Kamuela,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wtbmwwswpxmcqjqn,Kamuela,wolfe.freenode.net
spicyj,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wjiewdsfbcfkqged,Ben Alpert,adams.freenode.net
bimawa,46.48.14.196,bimawa,tepper.freenode.net
Friss,friss.me,friss,barjavel.freenode.net
`3rdEden,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pqupbmpwiegqcapa,Arnout Kazemier,weber.freenode.net
lachenmayer,gateway/shell/firrre/x-hdorezcsmkvmhpgp,Harry Lachenmayer,niven.freenode.net
raj,unaffiliated/cypha,raj,weber.freenode.net
upgrayeddd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uczhljafgcanxyku,o tempora! o mores!,wolfe.freenode.net
book`_,68.ip-149-56-14.net,book,wolfe.freenode.net
howdoi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-imxeebhacldqcypz,howdoi,wilhelm.freenode.net
L0j1k,unaffiliated/l0j1k,L0j1k,adams.freenode.net
frontendloader,205.185.126.239,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
circ-user-d4v3F,143.177.41.136,A CIRC user,asimov.freenode.net
joeytwiddle,162.243.115.31,Joey Twiddle,asimov.freenode.net
dnolen,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qpcbsamnqjkdkumr,David Nolen,adams.freenode.net
vitaly__,ip-58-28-215-134.wxnz.net,vitaly,wolfe.freenode.net
tuxtux,56.172.25.93.rev.sfr.net,Florian,wilhelm.freenode.net
fedruantine,45.63.76.107,What's up jive turkeys?,orwell.freenode.net
ekmartin,loginstud02.stud.ntnu.no,ek,karatkievich.freenode.net
willrax,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kpoiryiwahhchjpn,willrax,hitchcock.freenode.net
realuidzero,gateway/shell/xzibition.com/x-fhiooebrrxajdchg,realuidzero,weber.freenode.net
kants,unaffiliated/kants,kants,barjavel.freenode.net
mariorz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gfpsqhlglwjuopaq,mario romero,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Viesti,a91-153-210-223.elisa-laajakaista.fi,Kimmo Koskinen,wilhelm.freenode.net
benjick,irc.kandata.se,Max Malm,card.freenode.net
clinth,unaffiliated/clinth,clint,barjavel.freenode.net
bgl_,36.73.93.235,Textual User,sinisalo.freenode.net
Roilan,2607:fcd0:daaa:c03::5810:ceb1,Roilan,wilhelm.freenode.net
aendrew,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gxtqnqfdpshxjbbm,√Ündrew Rininsland,adams.freenode.net
TheOrangeOne,cloud.theorangeone.net,Jake,rajaniemi.freenode.net
TheMoonMaster,reddit/operator/themoonmaster,TMM,hitchcock.freenode.net
g4k,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sltmumzprwlhqqyk,g4k,adams.freenode.net
aewing,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jnfgqmlmcdgnfkod,Drew,wolfe.freenode.net
benv,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-svgdowfjbwkbfich,Ben Vinegar,sinisalo.freenode.net
adambrenecki,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-geganywvymyubdbe,Adam Brenecki,adams.freenode.net
jschoolcraft,pool-173-79-241-168.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Jeff Schoolcraft,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Guest22330,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gkqqkaxgzfaalstz,Stephan Seidt,adams.freenode.net
kjeldahl,80.241.86.170,Marius Kjeldahl,leguin.freenode.net
ArchNoob,unaffiliated/archnoob,maotora,wilhelm.freenode.net
Roconda_,149-210-151-155.colo.transip.net,gg,wolfe.freenode.net
mitsuhiko,ubuntu/member/mitsuhiko,Armin Ronacher,wolfe.freenode.net
sspi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-aqhnnbwpwpivmjis,Sander,wilhelm.freenode.net
justinmcp,198.199.115.124,Number 9,barjavel.freenode.net
murph,welcome.to.the.darkside.panicbnc.us,murph,wolfe.freenode.net
momoterraw,office.iproperty.ca,realname,asimov.freenode.net
barum,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pzyhdsekwiutnucn,barum,karatkievich.freenode.net
ntucker,67.207.137.89,Neal Tucker,card.freenode.net
_peter,ptrvldz.me,peter,sinisalo.freenode.net
rstudner,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zmmzpjrubdnqbumg,Roger Studner,wolfe.freenode.net
NET||abuse,srv1.labdigital.co.uk,luke,hitchcock.freenode.net
tiili,91-157-70-67.elisa-laajakaista.fi,Rami Valta,card.freenode.net
amatecha,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ytrpuacgctvdoizd,amatecha,leguin.freenode.net
wision,139.239.forpsi.net,wision,asimov.freenode.net
chrisml,unaffiliated/chrisml,chris,card.freenode.net
cichli_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ahyvhlwocfjugnmj,cichli,weber.freenode.net
dleonard1,mediavitamin.com,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
sebmarkbage|away,198.199.113.80,Sebastian Markb√•ge,hitchcock.freenode.net
yoyoyo_____,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ulgzobuifmzgfxvv,Trent,wolfe.freenode.net
owen1,104.131.139.69,deploy,karatkievich.freenode.net
seantimm,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sryjfotpzdpfuqvo,Sean Timm,niven.freenode.net
Emperor_Earth,cpe-98-14-184-255.nyc.res.rr.com,realname,adams.freenode.net
circ-user-lFXkY,145.131.230.114,A CIRC user,orwell.freenode.net
icedp,unaffiliated/icedp,_,barjavel.freenode.net
pigoz,ns379744.ip-5-196-70.eu,pigoz,orwell.freenode.net
Haydos,unaffiliated/haydos,GetOutOfMyLife,karatkievich.freenode.net
mfikes,mail.fikesfarm.com,Mike Fikes,wolfe.freenode.net
GuiltyLemon,unaffiliated/guiltylemon,GuiltyLemon,barjavel.freenode.net
an7,195-154-119-37.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Aguilbau,weber.freenode.net
stevenxl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uqhiobkhmohdciov,stevenxl,wolfe.freenode.net
hswolff,207-38-134-4.c3-0.avec-ubr2.nyr-avec.ny.cable.rcn.com,hswolff,wolfe.freenode.net
jonrh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ziiimicgmbttzbek,J√≥n Helgason,adams.freenode.net
samulihs,lepikko.com,Samuli,weber.freenode.net
kies,unaffiliated/kies,kies,weber.freenode.net
andreypopp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-otpsrbhmjzpnbvmu,Andrey Popp,rajaniemi.freenode.net
toxicFork,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gmbhctosugdefafr,toxicFork,karatkievich.freenode.net
harryh,nr-ft1-66-42-243-74.fuse.net,night owl,orwell.freenode.net
acidjazz,notchill.com,manipulated minds need to make an escape,verne.freenode.net
zigmoo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-salzdhcjjoyzcnda,Jason Ziegler,wilhelm.freenode.net
percival-,138.68.15.65,mIRC v4.0,niven.freenode.net
joshdholtz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-khuujdcktxrrqbvk,Josh Holtz,rajaniemi.freenode.net
[b__b],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,BotBot.me,wolfe.freenode.net
diphtherial,unaffiliated/escherial,diphtherial,wilhelm.freenode.net
grandy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ifbcbqkjtvifbqgf,Grandis McFaddon Lovejoy,wilhelm.freenode.net
luigy,104.236.106.229,luigy,orwell.freenode.net
bourbon,lolrav.es,A. Rager,rajaniemi.freenode.net
vitsaus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hbmtwyozcxvajwga,Ville Takala,karatkievich.freenode.net
PaulCapestany,2604:5500:17:2ea:5c15:40e6:5986:2db4,Paul Capestany,wilhelm.freenode.net
artmann_,31-192-227-176-static.serverhotell.net,Christoffrer Artmann,,,,niven.freenode.net
phwd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mllgxcbmngfgfpig,Philippe Harewood,leguin.freenode.net
svkurowski,46.101.164.222,Sascha Vincent Kurowski,adams.freenode.net
bronson,142-254-17-73.dsl.dynamic.fusionbroadband.com,bronson,orwell.freenode.net
peter1a,gateway/web/freenode/ip.188.198.12.144,188.198.12.144 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
zpaoz,198.199.113.80,Paul O'Shannessy,karatkievich.freenode.net
Zou,91.160.33.204,Ta,barjavel.freenode.net
DelTree,2a00:c70:1:213:246:56:18:2,Eric Deplagne,karatkievich.freenode.net
kujiu,havelock.kujiu.org,kujiu,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
nuCrafty,c-174-55-88-98.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,Minetest,card.freenode.net
Warr1024,unaffiliated/warr1024,Warr1024,asimov.freenode.net
Broam,fsf/member/Broam,Brian Kemp,leguin.freenode.net
McBride36,unaffiliated/mcbride36,ayyy lmao,barjavel.freenode.net
LoH,173-18-41-230.client.mchsi.com,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
AMorpork,104.251.223.40,AnkhMorpork,weber.freenode.net
qguv,unaffiliated/quintus,qguv,orwell.freenode.net
danofsatx,fedora/danofsatx,Dan of San Antonio, Texas,weber.freenode.net
fm-diversity,nat/redhat/x-jaezyymmiaqdaqls,None,barjavel.freenode.net
Rhea,ip-94-112-108-171.net.upcbroadband.cz,Radka Janek,niven.freenode.net
kital,fedora/kital,Joerg Simon,rajaniemi.freenode.net
devyani7_,fedora/devyani7,devyani7,wilhelm.freenode.net
Southern_Gentlem,fedora/Southern-Gentleman,notfred,karatkievich.freenode.net
vacause,45.55.192.98,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
fsckd,april-fools/2013/runnerup/fsckd,~,tepper.freenode.net
meskarune,unaffiliated/meskarune,Dolores Portalatin,karatkievich.freenode.net
zodbot,fedora/bot/zodbot,Limnoria installed on 2016-06-11T19-31-21,orwell.freenode.net
bee2502,irc.jwf.io,Bee,adams.freenode.net
yar,unaffiliated/yar,yar,asimov.freenode.net
paragn,fedora/paragn,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
downey,fsf/member/downey,Michael Downey,wilhelm.freenode.net
fedbot,scrye.com,Limnoria installed on 2016-06-04T17-20-28,weber.freenode.net
N3LRX,fedora/N3LRX,Randy Berry,barjavel.freenode.net
mizmo_away,fedora/mizmo,M√°ir√≠n Duffy,leguin.freenode.net
nb,fedora/nb,nb,wilhelm.freenode.net
fm-stg-diversity,nat/redhat/x-atguoqbdwhvnegwk,None,wolfe.freenode.net
c0mrad3,fedora/dhanvi,Tummala Dhanvi (c0mrad3),adams.freenode.net
jflory7,fedora/jflory7,Justin W. Flory,card.freenode.net
elky,ubuntu/member/pdpc.professional.elky,elky,wilhelm.freenode.net
jonatoni,irc.jwf.io,Jona Azizaj,verne.freenode.net
tatica,fedora/tatica,Maria Leandro,wilhelm.freenode.net
jerith,kadath.slipgate.net,jerith,orwell.freenode.net
jeroud,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eftnvgizmuubgciw,jerith,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sdehaan_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-efpocgdpwnlnomqq,Simon de Haan,wolfe.freenode.net
Hodgestar,2a01:4f8:c17:3ca::2,Hodge Star,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ja4mo,gateway/shell/firrre/x-ddlzzewbvhmfpezu,James Muranga,adams.freenode.net
tobias1,django/committer/tobias1,Tobias McNulty,wilhelm.freenode.net
VSIDO,unaffiliated/vastone,VastOne,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
V-Ger,unaffiliated/vastone,V-Ger - VSIDO Bot,adams.freenode.net
Octaviderp,unaffiliated/enginemaniac,Flailing at you,asimov.freenode.net
Screwball,192.241.210.101,ScrewballTheBot,niven.freenode.net
Labrat_,192.241.230.216,Jared,niven.freenode.net
j6mes,j6mes.co,_,barjavel.freenode.net
chuckwebb,host86-177-65-195.range86-177.btcentralplus.com,chuckwebb,verne.freenode.net
for5aken,mail.atozed.com,for5aken,weber.freenode.net
zqk,host86-137-174-57.range86-137.btcentralplus.com,Mark Hindess,hitchcock.freenode.net
smib,217-68-251-26.adsl.elite.co.uk,So Make It Bot,tepper.freenode.net
for5aken_,144.202.228.211,for5aken,roddenberry.freenode.net
simoncook,beach.default.embecosm.uk0.bigv.io,Simon Cook,adams.freenode.net
Stanto,li285-77.members.linode.com,Stanto,niven.freenode.net
yoshibot1,85.119.84.30,nodeJS IRC client,asimov.freenode.net
brackendawson,host86-174-94-193.range86-174.btcentralplus.com,Bracken Dawson,karatkievich.freenode.net
jeremybennett,cust64-dsl91-135-5.idnet.net,Jeremy Bennett,hitchcock.freenode.net
impulze,2001:41d0:8:c5b1::2,Daniel Mierswa,adams.freenode.net
finnrobi_,188.166.35.17,Robin K√•veland Hansen,asimov.freenode.net
varesa,ec2-52-49-18-111.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Esa Varemo,wolfe.freenode.net
haasn,haasn.xyz,haasn,rajaniemi.freenode.net
klys,45.55.20.239,Mdasoh Kyaeppd,wolfe.freenode.net
u-ou,unaffiliated/no-n,no-n,wolfe.freenode.net
andschwa,52.160.93.49,Andrew Schwartzmeyer,karatkievich.freenode.net
specing,unaffiliated/specing,Agent Smith,niven.freenode.net
kriskropd,unaffiliated/kriskropd,kris,weber.freenode.net
JanC,lugwv/member/JanC,Jan Claeys,wilhelm.freenode.net
hw,unaffiliated/hw,hw,karatkievich.freenode.net
t-mart,unaffiliated/t-mart,realname,niven.freenode.net
n-st,unaffiliated/n-st,n.st,karatkievich.freenode.net
peeps[lappy],216-82-197-9.static.grandenetworks.net,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
twkm,rfc1459.net,"those who know me have no need of my name",wolfe.freenode.net
ribasushi,mujunyku.leporine.io,Peter Rabbitson,wolfe.freenode.net
Myrl-saki,unaffiliated/myrl,myrl,orwell.freenode.net
Maxdamantus,unaffiliated/maxdamantus,Max,adams.freenode.net
blinky42,jabber.blinkylight.net,blinky,leguin.freenode.net
madx,ANice-551-1-15-16.w86-203.abo.wanadoo.fr,Go for the eyes, Boo! Go for the eyes!,karatkievich.freenode.net
stateless,195.154.164.167,sin,wolfe.freenode.net
glauxosdever,ppp-94-66-47-118.home.otenet.gr,ŒëŒªŒ≠ŒæŒ±ŒΩŒ¥œÅŒøœÇ ŒëŒªŒµŒæŒ¨ŒΩŒ¥œÅŒøœÖ,hitchcock.freenode.net
matp,80-110-89-237.cgn.dynamic.surfer.at,Matthias,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jjuran,c-73-180-171-104.hsd1.md.comcast.net,Josh Juran,wolfe.freenode.net
CcxWrk,asterix.te2000.cz,('.'),tepper.freenode.net
Techcable,irc.techcable.net,Techcable's Bouncer,tepper.freenode.net
talisein,april-fools/2013/sixth/talisein,talisein,sinisalo.freenode.net
jaakkos,unaffiliated/jaakkos,Jaakko Salo,adams.freenode.net
oskie,lilyleaf.info,Oskar Liljeblad,niven.freenode.net
lhtseng,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iwpvlawkrbnwkwxd,Linghua Tseng,karatkievich.freenode.net
as,unaffiliated/stoebe,Andr√© St√∂be,weber.freenode.net
ntnn,h2452363.stratoserver.net,ntnn,kornbluth.freenode.net
ljharb,oftn/oswg-member/ljharb,Jordan,wilhelm.freenode.net
heiner,dslc-082-082-225-150.pools.arcor-ip.net,heiner,weber.freenode.net
MindlessDrone,unaffiliated/mindlessdrone,MindlessDrone,sinisalo.freenode.net
cloudcell_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-diiyzdfvwwwrrlwq,cloudcell,adams.freenode.net
diogenese,diogenese.velotech.net,William Murphy,adams.freenode.net
rafaelmartins,gentoo/developer/rafaelmartins,Rafael G. Martins,rajaniemi.freenode.net
millerti,cpe-66-24-91-119.stny.res.rr.com,Timothy Miller,card.freenode.net
souther,2605:6400:1:fed5:22:1ac:61c0:e24e,souther,wilhelm.freenode.net
r0kc4t,felderundfiguren.de,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
Crosma,unaffiliated/crosma,Crosma,wilhelm.freenode.net
Jupelius,xen.ihme.org,Jussi,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Paprikachu,2a01:4f8:171:1e8d::2,Paprikachu,wolfe.freenode.net
Vorpal,unaffiliated/vorpal,Vorpal,barjavel.freenode.net
Boohbah,gateway/shell/anapnea.net/x-spxioifmuquknfdd,Boohbah,tepper.freenode.net
Cerise,unaffiliated/cerise,Jerry,wolfe.freenode.net
thommey,lib.so,thommey,karatkievich.freenode.net
micronn,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::3c:d001,:),niven.freenode.net
freecoder,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-mfztvyaedchqzrto,freecoder,leguin.freenode.net
OnlineDater,5ec16f63.skybroadband.com,SWAT,wilhelm.freenode.net
honestly,unaffiliated/luketheduke,Luke,card.freenode.net
irco,HSI-KBW-134-3-97-221.hsi14.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de,rico,rajaniemi.freenode.net
e,freenode/staff/spy.edk,Ed Kellett,niven.freenode.net
fluter,fedora/fluter,FDZ,karatkievich.freenode.net
fus_,dev.rozestwinski.com,Rafal,niven.freenode.net
woggle,c-73-251-125-90.hsd1.va.comcast.net,charles,wilhelm.freenode.net
freakazoid0223,pool-173-49-14-128.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,New Now Know How,hitchcock.freenode.net
Ekho,unaffiliated/ekho,Ekho,niven.freenode.net
bayoubengal01,71-15-105-17.dhcp.ftwo.tx.charter.com,James G,leguin.freenode.net
mitsuhiko,ubuntu/member/mitsuhiko,Armin Ronacher,wolfe.freenode.net
chrisf,hamb.in,Chris Forbes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
iaglium,45.63.76.107,iaglium,barjavel.freenode.net
rorx,cpe-74-130-27-145.kya.res.rr.com,Rory,asimov.freenode.net
sns,do1.swilson.id.au,sodomy non sapiens,wilhelm.freenode.net
msb,unaffiliated/detergnet,Marius Barbu,verne.freenode.net
boru,unaffiliated/boru,Prometheus Bound.,weber.freenode.net
rhythmx,aha/rhythmx,sean,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dansan,2602:304:cd72:9ed0::49,Daniel,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ggherdov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vbwaayesufqmtyef,Giovanni Gherdovich,rajaniemi.freenode.net
daedric,62-210-211-7.rev.poneytelecom.eu,S.",card.freenode.net
dh,bsd.ee,f21e6bb56a3405ea8dfbca47324aeeee,wolfe.freenode.net
alkemakaz,unaffiliated/mahmoud,foo,niven.freenode.net
megaTherion,unix.io,Georg Bege,niven.freenode.net
Nik05,unaffiliated/nik05,Nik05,kornbluth.freenode.net
AntiSpamMeta,AntiSpamMeta/.,http://antispammeta.net,leguin.freenode.net
Noldorin,unaffiliated/noldorin,Alex,niven.freenode.net
dan_j,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rjmkjifjduafgqig,Dan Journo,niven.freenode.net
CustosL1men,unaffiliated/cust0slim3n,CustosLimen,weber.freenode.net
Chris,spy/chris,Chris,rajaniemi.freenode.net
APic,apic.name,A. Pic. - my name since YOLD 3149,card.freenode.net
atk,fsf/member/Arch-TK,Tomasz Kramkowski,adams.freenode.net
ghostlight,ec2-54-187-97-144.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,ghostlight,wolfe.freenode.net
m0shbear,205.185.118.116,Neckbeard,wolfe.freenode.net
m4ho,unaffiliated/m4ho,m4ho,card.freenode.net
cehteh,pipapo.org,ct,adams.freenode.net
bnr,do.biniar.xyz,biniar,karatkievich.freenode.net
int10h,whitney.daemonslayer.net,int10h,adams.freenode.net
graphitemaster,unaffiliated/graphitemaster,Dale Weiler,wilhelm.freenode.net
FireFly,freenode/staff/firefly,FireFly,verne.freenode.net
Ragnor,dslb-084-062-047-215.084.062.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Ragnor,adams.freenode.net
gniourf,pdm-l03.insa-lyon.fr,gniourf,niven.freenode.net
M4GNV5,v22015123214830522.bestsrv.de,magnus,hitchcock.freenode.net
koollman,sp1.kooll.info,koollman,rajaniemi.freenode.net
goncalo,oblivion.promisc.org,Goncalo Gomes,orwell.freenode.net
doppo,2604:180::e0fc:a07f,doppo,karatkievich.freenode.net
[Awaxx],unaffiliated/awaxx/x-0928682,Unknown,niven.freenode.net
ybden,unaffiliated/ybden,Ralph Holmes,leguin.freenode.net
sortie,dhcp-5-186-120-80.cgn.ip.fibianet.dk,Jonas 'Sortie' Termansen,wolfe.freenode.net
catern,catern.com,catern,niven.freenode.net
pragma-,unaffiliated/pragmatic-chaos,pragmatic chaos,hitchcock.freenode.net
meshugga,amd.co.at,Philip,card.freenode.net
mlen,hawk.aquila.re,Mateusz Lenik,barjavel.freenode.net
Kronuz,unaffiliated/kronuz,German M. Bravo,wolfe.freenode.net
benwaffle,2604:a880:0:1010::5b:9001,Ben,wilhelm.freenode.net
Virox,2001:41d0:1:5523::1,Life's a Game,wilhelm.freenode.net
biniar,hydra.2f30.org,biniar,niven.freenode.net
john51,15255.s.t4vps.eu,John,sinisalo.freenode.net
pekster,openvpn/community/developer/pekster,Toaster,barjavel.freenode.net
Random832,unaffiliated/random832,random,sinisalo.freenode.net
Adrinael,barrel.rolli.org,Petri Latvala,wolfe.freenode.net
wdouglas`,c-73-25-153-212.hsd1.or.comcast.net,William Douglas,weber.freenode.net
Bigcheese,unaffiliated/bigcheese,Bigcheese,wilhelm.freenode.net
aep,libqxt/developer/aep,Arvid EPhraim Picciani,card.freenode.net
lukky513,elbereth.pl,lukky513,asimov.freenode.net
riddle,us.yunix.net,decadance,karatkievich.freenode.net
rodgort,68.ip-149-56-14.net,rodgort,card.freenode.net
NOPonPOP,shell.blacksecurity.org,Illusions. Tricks are what whores do for money.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Madars,unaffiliated/madars,Madars,karatkievich.freenode.net
nitrix,unaffiliated/nitrix,Alex Belanger,karatkievich.freenode.net
ryoshu,netbsd/developer/kamil,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
dv__,62-178-118-86.cable.dynamic.surfer.at,dv dwed,weber.freenode.net
_stowa,static.177.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,hitchcock.freenode.net
Vye,li426-243.members.linode.com,Vye,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gl,hack.tf,a fellow of infinite jest, of most excellent fancy,asimov.freenode.net
izalove,unaffiliated/izabera,izabera,wilhelm.freenode.net
thinkpol,130.225.0.251,thinkpol,sinisalo.freenode.net
[ddmp],unaffiliated/dmp/x-546784,Dennis M√∏llegaard Pedersen,verne.freenode.net
n1000,unaffiliated/n1000,n1000,verne.freenode.net
cross,spitfire.i.gajendra.net,Dan Cross,wolfe.freenode.net
jxv,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-swxvmwsftoslziha,jxv,wilhelm.freenode.net
alem0lars,0xcc.alem0lars.me,Alessandro Molari,wilhelm.freenode.net
cthuluh,chomsky.autogeree.net,J√©r√©mie Courr√®ges-Anglas,barjavel.freenode.net
pestle,unaffiliated/pestle,pestle,niven.freenode.net
Elladan,71-35-168-107.tukw.qwest.net,Elladan,verne.freenode.net
Amun_Ra,retro.rocks,Amun-Ra,verne.freenode.net
reverse_light,ntszok079247.szok.nt.adsl.ppp.infoweb.ne.jp,reverse_light,niven.freenode.net
TMM,fsf/member/pdpc.professional.tmm,Hein-Pieter van Braam,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sfix,unaffiliated/sfix,Gary Tierney,asimov.freenode.net
mjkr,gateway/web/freenode/ip.199.180.255.238,199.180.255.238 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
navidr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qsenpzikifwlnxyz,navidra,rajaniemi.freenode.net
xiaomiao,gentoo/developer/bonsaikitten,Patrick Lauer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
SJr,S0106c43dc7a31386.vf.shawcable.net,Steve,niven.freenode.net
treehug88,cpe-68-173-227-135.nyc.res.rr.com,Textual User,barjavel.freenode.net
ExeciN,bnc.stormbit.net,nicexe,weber.freenode.net
rob``,rmartinjak.de,rob,barjavel.freenode.net
Jake,unaffiliated/jake,Jake Cairns,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
svenstaro,archlinux/developer/svenstaro,svenstaro,wolfe.freenode.net
xpitr,unaffiliated/xpitr,xpitr,barjavel.freenode.net
rozie,ircer.ghostkeeper.mooo.com,PaweÔøΩ 'RÔøΩa' RÔøΩaÔøΩski,wolfe.freenode.net
mgorny,gentoo/developer/mgorny,Micha? GÔøΩrny,weber.freenode.net
czaks_,carrier.6irc.net,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
dfgg,195-154-165-176.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Damian K,weber.freenode.net
sageinventor,163.172.160.165,unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
deicide-,unaffiliated/deicide-,deicide,hitchcock.freenode.net
Upas,unaffiliated/upas,RS Upas,karatkievich.freenode.net
JasonO,unaffiliated/hereticlocke,Jason,weber.freenode.net
nyt,countercultured.net,ÔøΩÔøΩÔøΩwat?,wilhelm.freenode.net
tanilolli,mtrlpq3016w-lp130-05-70-26-217-194.dsl.bell.ca,tanilolli,verne.freenode.net
ello_govna,109.201.154.246,ello_govna,card.freenode.net
ocharles_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oiwisterqzmqgmyt,Oliver Charles,wilhelm.freenode.net
_hanhart,static.141.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,barjavel.freenode.net
peatcoal,eat.a.bowl.of.crunchy.peatcoal.co.uk,Coal",wolfe.freenode.net
Hamburgero,unaffiliated/hamburgerdude2,...,weber.freenode.net
LancerFIN,lancerfin.jedi-knight.org,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
nhandler,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.nhandler,Nathan Handler,karatkievich.freenode.net
Macuser,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-ghlkadaovvmazaht,Macuser,niven.freenode.net
Diablo-D3,exelion.net,Patrick McFarland,tepper.freenode.net
pimpind,cockgoblins.net,pimpind,barjavel.freenode.net
les,fsf/member/les,Who me?,karatkievich.freenode.net
Nokaji,host-78-144-235-163.as13285.net,purple,asimov.freenode.net
Saimeidae,unaffiliated/saimeidae,II",asimov.freenode.net
chosi,choseh.de,krautchoseh,verne.freenode.net
Aldem,unaffiliated/aldem,Aldem,tepper.freenode.net
mothership,2001:41d0:2:846d::1,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
shaun413,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rcgjsaibujwwkrli,Goat,sinisalo.freenode.net
m00se,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/m00se,Hoersie,sinisalo.freenode.net
BabyJesus666,blk-142-40-10.eastlink.ca,Adam,weber.freenode.net
torriz,unaffiliated/torriz,torriz,wilhelm.freenode.net
cwesterfield-awa,66-38-66-149.pool.dsl.duo-county.com,ZNC,sinisalo.freenode.net
Azelphur,znc.azelphur.com,:: www.Azelphur.com ::,niven.freenode.net
Mrcrummypaws,2600:8801:2980:621:2dac:6dd7:a6f6:3a49,vwave,wolfe.freenode.net
ses1984,li777-75.members.linode.com,steve,leguin.freenode.net
Lkydiruw,2607:5300:60:9c::1,Lkydiruw,karatkievich.freenode.net
Chastity,unaffiliated/chastity,Chastity,karatkievich.freenode.net
Beardless_One,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lncvfnlflvhogzuw,Beardless_One_,wilhelm.freenode.net
Jan2,198.13.255.87,1KVIrc 4.0.0 'Insomnia' http://kvirc.net/,barjavel.freenode.net
d34dh0r53,irc.cloudnull.io,Hunter S. Thompson,asimov.freenode.net
UncleRuckus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qiuzyielokrtokup,Amar Rajvanshi,wolfe.freenode.net
Jade,unaffiliated/jade,Jade,wilhelm.freenode.net
YYZ,2605:e000:160b:81ac:7dc0:b353:841b:5764,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
rominronin,212.186.112.18,rominronin,adams.freenode.net
lebster,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mjrutsirxxqhyhai,lebster,wilhelm.freenode.net
kants,unaffiliated/kants,kants,barjavel.freenode.net
jjacq,c-75-74-102-79.hsd1.fl.comcast.net,Jacq Go,adams.freenode.net
mynna,unaffiliated/mynna,...,tepper.freenode.net
Nightcinder,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yntbolnvfpxoccwx,.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pgrptm,ip24-252-143-110.rn.hr.cox.net,Do you even ZNC bro?,verne.freenode.net
mbrevda,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nwgqktckgulqdeeq,Moshe Brevda,adams.freenode.net
einalex,mayanna.org,just ask,wilhelm.freenode.net
rolig,unaffiliated/rollig,I always lie.,wolfe.freenode.net
D4nthr4x,shenanigans.space,D4nthr4x,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Guest52622,blk-142-40-10.eastlink.ca,Adam,leguin.freenode.net
unreal,unaffiliated/unreal,unreal,niven.freenode.net
MarkRobbo,unaffiliated/markrobbo,Mark Robinson,weber.freenode.net
bbbc-,gateway/web/freenode/ip.68.13.203.105,ip68-13-203-105.hr.hr.cox.net/68.13.203.105,herbert.freenode.net
carterparks,2604:a880:800:10::304:5001,carter,wilhelm.freenode.net
Wasp|,94.2.110.54,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
denali1,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-awvcrulrneioihdx,denali1,wilhelm.freenode.net
nushor,unaffiliated/nushor,nushor,karatkievich.freenode.net
ruhans,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uzinfshpcdekxbcq,Ruhan,sinisalo.freenode.net
imanoob,2001:41d0:1:c191::1,imanoob,karatkievich.freenode.net
JNSamuel,unaffiliated/eckstasy,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
kmccoy,wikimedia/kmccoy,kmccoy,orwell.freenode.net
oddmunds,t.oddmundo.com,oddmunds,hitchcock.freenode.net
renesis,tenjitsu.net,get some.,orwell.freenode.net
phtes,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-befebsieyqpjldjq,Kasey,adams.freenode.net
vidplace7,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kdegbaljbplgpxld,vid,wolfe.freenode.net
ivanf,unaffiliated/kferdous,ivan,tepper.freenode.net
eve__,24-197-168-115.dhcp.gwnt.ga.charter.com,eve,karatkievich.freenode.net
yves_del_harlow,85.93.145.16,ydh,wolfe.freenode.net
jefrite,45.63.76.107,jef rite,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lolcat,unaffiliated/energy-/x-7653247,lolcat,weber.freenode.net
Rickmasta,pool-96-246-90-176.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,Rick,card.freenode.net
perry,unaffiliated/perry753,Perry Huang,card.freenode.net
mjlee,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lsmvwhclvoyoxjgq,Martin Lee,wolfe.freenode.net
linuxthefish,unaffiliated/edmundf,E,rajaniemi.freenode.net
diytto,de.diytto.com,diytto,asimov.freenode.net
TomK,unaffiliated/tomk,TomK,tepper.freenode.net
COAT,159.203.68.175,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
devster31,2001:41d0:1:a3af::1,devsterknight,wolfe.freenode.net
dh128,unaffiliated/derpherp128,Derp H.,adams.freenode.net
RocketLL,rocketll.com,Lucas Lee,rajaniemi.freenode.net
JoeK,makaiwell.com,Joseph A Kankowski,weber.freenode.net
j0rd,unaffiliated/j0rd-/x-9112651,Mr. J0rd_,roddenberry.freenode.net
Voltasalt,5.101.100.240,Why do you care?,wolfe.freenode.net
arve,unaffiliated/arveb,Arve,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Ackis,WoWUIDev/WoWAce/ARL/Troll/Ackis,Ackis Losackego,verne.freenode.net
jessie,mail.caandb.com,jessie,weber.freenode.net
Ricaz,nobelnet.dk,rcz,weber.freenode.net
gsora,unaffiliated/gsora,gsora,tepper.freenode.net
benoliver999,198.50.245.34,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
hifitek,unaffiliated/hitek,tmnt,verne.freenode.net
phroa,173.254.236.155,phroa,karatkievich.freenode.net
pandather,znc.chronostasis.net,pandather,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
CoreDuo,216.8.161.80,CoreDuo,roddenberry.freenode.net
Huolon,2.236.131.243,-,adams.freenode.net
pattiobear,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/pattiobear,pattiobear,orwell.freenode.net
potatoe,unaffiliated/potatoe5,potatoe,asimov.freenode.net
ramnes,195-154-185-50.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Guillaume Gelin,verne.freenode.net
venim,vps.venim.info,venim,verne.freenode.net
brammm,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xcobtmojgkfkxrcz,Bram,orwell.freenode.net
drazin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oieuipgxuxzysfla,matt,wolfe.freenode.net
Neobenedict,unaffiliated/neobenedict,...,wilhelm.freenode.net
gtrott_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dgqfacnihaaykogq,GT,adams.freenode.net
motsu,192.184.88.98,if you are looking for my name, you wont find it h,barjavel.freenode.net
Tsesarevich,fluxbuntu/founder/joejaxx,Otshelnik,adams.freenode.net
askeeve,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wwfosmdehuafgpsy,askeeve,wolfe.freenode.net
pebe,c-e0c4db54.025-15-67626730.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,things are only impossible until they are not,sinisalo.freenode.net
bartekww,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::3e:8001,bartekww,sinisalo.freenode.net
Afteraffekt,unaffiliated/afteraffekt,Travis,weber.freenode.net
Rowan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gcvvkztvjrpynmtd,Rowan,wolfe.freenode.net
duo8,27.76.243.84,NOPE,asimov.freenode.net
YelloBird,24-119-41-237.cpe.cableone.net,Anonemoose,verne.freenode.net
Binge,sadbox.org,D. Fault,karatkievich.freenode.net
redfire,cpe-24-209-107-137.cinci.res.rr.com,bcb,card.freenode.net
Quick_Wango,cubyte.net,Phillip,verne.freenode.net
supfool,50-25-84-232.amrlcmtk05.res.dyn.suddenlink.net,supfool,orwell.freenode.net
Biiaru,unaffiliated/Biiaru,b,adams.freenode.net
manirelli,unaffiliated/manirelli,manirelli,adams.freenode.net
suttin,ec2-54-149-148-135.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,suttin,card.freenode.net
Danjul,194.50.181.28,Danjul,leguin.freenode.net
bourbon,lolrav.es,A. Rager,rajaniemi.freenode.net
fany,c110-22-16-240.eburwd3.vic.optusnet.com.au,fany,card.freenode.net
Log1x,unaffiliated/log1x,Log1x,weber.freenode.net
wooy,unaffiliated/wooy,wooy,weber.freenode.net
Hoolean,hoolean.com,HD,verne.freenode.net
stash,emp.cx,stash,adams.freenode.net
catokola1,it009227.klientdrift.uib.no,CatoKol,asimov.freenode.net
hmkuib,alfrid.uib.no,Hans Morten Kind,barjavel.freenode.net
ingsme,traffic.uib.no,Ingar Smedstad,karatkievich.freenode.net
uibamy,traffic.uib.no,Anders Myren,niven.freenode.net
kbotnen_,isfjell.no,Kristian Botnen,barjavel.freenode.net
MortenCB,traffic.uib.no,Morten-Christian Bernson,orwell.freenode.net
kskurtveit,it009100.klientdrift.uib.no,purple,tepper.freenode.net
carestad,peterman.karlstad.be,Alexander Karlstad,weber.freenode.net
hedda,traffic.uib.no,hedda,adams.freenode.net
TorLaedre,it010189.klientdrift.uib.no,purple,rajaniemi.freenode.net
raykrist,it010212.klientdrift.uib.no,Raymond Kristiansen,sinisalo.freenode.net
Foxboron,3.62-97-204.bkkb.no,fox,hitchcock.freenode.net
trond_,traffic.uib.no,Trond Davidsen,verne.freenode.net
Hakon,lillehjelper.ss.uib.no,H√•kon Lerring,wilhelm.freenode.net
kbotnen2,traffic.uib.no,Kristian Botnen,leguin.freenode.net
beddari,185.45.179.182,beddari,barjavel.freenode.net
advg,traffic.uib.no,Anders Vaage,tepper.freenode.net
och061,it010207.klientdrift.uib.no,Oeyvind Hareide Christiansen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
olabri,2001:700:200:9:f873:5bb1:3ddd:2982,olabri,rajaniemi.freenode.net
As4xk,unaffiliated/as4xk,Stian,rajaniemi.freenode.net
danielh,it010210.klientdrift.uib.no,Daniel,verne.freenode.net
BitK,bi.tk,philip_l,karatkievich.freenode.net
for5aken,mail.atozed.com,for5aken,weber.freenode.net
for5aken_,144.202.228.211,for5aken,roddenberry.freenode.net
eax64,ns3099658.ip-37-59-60.eu,eax,asimov.freenode.net
kaluche_,gue35-2-78-220-210-20.fbx.proxad.net,lookass,hitchcock.freenode.net
IooNag,iphiclides.iosenag.net,IooNag,wilhelm.freenode.net
perror,beagle.labri.fr,Emmanuel Fleury,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Celelibi,23.247.85.79.rev.sfr.net,Alors, il est beau mon whois ?,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
pdq,unaffiliated/pdq,pdq,sinisalo.freenode.net
setkeh,unaffiliated/setkeh,setkeh,card.freenode.net
kbrwn,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jdpnjpflccyhvaib,Kyle Brown,wilhelm.freenode.net
jeff_,unaffiliated/jeff,Jeff,niven.freenode.net
stickystyle,ec2-52-90-105-93.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Ryan,niven.freenode.net
fxfitz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wpkeyzsxfugmjnge,Fran Fitzpatrick,wolfe.freenode.net
justizin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eudwqxlhvxwdozed,Justin Alan Ryan,leguin.freenode.net
jlintz_,198.199.74.42,justin,card.freenode.net
mariorz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gfpsqhlglwjuopaq,mario romero,rajaniemi.freenode.net
NomadJim,pdpc/supporter/active/nomadjim,NomadJim,verne.freenode.net
agentnoel,nimbus4.agentnoel.geek.nz,AgentNoel,wilhelm.freenode.net
Elmer,54.194.22.255,Elmer de Looff,adams.freenode.net
SkyRocknRoll,unaffiliated/skyrocknroll,SkyRocknRoll,karatkievich.freenode.net
h-rock,76.99.19.43,Harold Spencer, Jr.,wilhelm.freenode.net
Slidey,andy.impulsed.net,andy,wilhelm.freenode.net
shaon,shaon.me,Imran Hossain Shaon,rajaniemi.freenode.net
worstadmin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ttcciajcwxmweycu,worstadmin_,wilhelm.freenode.net
jasondotstar,107.170.79.104,Jay Clark,barjavel.freenode.net
gholms,fedora/gholms,irc,wilhelm.freenode.net
openfly,xn--mgbade1byjxa.xn--ngbc5azd,operator of the flies,weber.freenode.net
apetresc,znc.apetre.sc,Adrian Petrescu,weber.freenode.net
moat_joe,64.72.87.146,purple,adams.freenode.net
bboles,2607:fcd0:100:8300:1c::a3ed,Brandon Boles,leguin.freenode.net
BlackPanx,146.247.24.160,Alen Krmelj,sinisalo.freenode.net
yosafbridge,68.ip-149-56-14.net,yosafbridge,orwell.freenode.net
_longines,static.183.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,longines,wolfe.freenode.net
Junaos,unaffiliated/junaos,Got ZNC?,asimov.freenode.net
[diecast],gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cckubxpvrmbjsoda,diecast,wilhelm.freenode.net
decoder,46.4.109.83,decoder,orwell.freenode.net
majuscule,disinclined.org,Dylan Lloyd,weber.freenode.net
sparr,pdpc/supporter/active/sparr,sparr,niven.freenode.net
Orphis,adam.orphis.net,Orphis,orwell.freenode.net
Joel,unaffiliated/joel,Joel,weber.freenode.net
TkTech,ec2-52-70-105-60.compute-1.amazonaws.com,tktech,adams.freenode.net
maxmanders,znc.maxmanders.co.uk,Max Manders,karatkievich.freenode.net
myheadhurts,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cetwkzfnwwiqttvp,Ahmed Elsabbahy,wilhelm.freenode.net
ztm_,8.18.218.175,Textual User,weber.freenode.net
Tii,stevie-ray.me,Stevie,rajaniemi.freenode.net
RandyT,c-73-153-17-123.hsd1.co.comcast.net,Randy Terbush,verne.freenode.net
mdeboard,184.106.93.223,Matt DeBoard,asimov.freenode.net
dlanger,2607:f0d0:1104:4:19::12c,Dan,wilhelm.freenode.net
adamg,38.102.153.98,adamg,card.freenode.net
NewCliCker,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hzwmiipktjvhojmo,NewClicker,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
yhsiang,alumni.cs.nctu.edu.tw,Yuan-Hsiang Cheng,hitchcock.freenode.net
BestSteve2,125-227-147-112.HINET-IP.hinet.net,BestSteve,tepper.freenode.net
mcan,178.62.169.8,m,verne.freenode.net
ffj-bot,firefly.xen.prgmr.com,jevalbot,wolfe.freenode.net
Eldis4,firefly.xen.prgmr.com,Eldis Presley,karatkievich.freenode.net
ybden,unaffiliated/ybden,Ralph Holmes,leguin.freenode.net
puckipedia,puckipedia.com,:P,hitchcock.freenode.net
shikhin,unaffiliated/shikhin,Shikhin Sethi,card.freenode.net
hydraz,unaffiliated/demhydraz,Matheus A.,asimov.freenode.net
sleeping-unicorn,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-aqbogbadztxwubtx,s[999]-unicorn,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
FireFly,freenode/staff/firefly,FireFly,verne.freenode.net
Pilou,pdpc/supporter/active/pilou,Pilou,wolfe.freenode.net
Kyoshiro,unaffiliated/kyoshiro,Kyoshiro,weber.freenode.net
ysbox,kodi/staff/ysbox,ysbox,barjavel.freenode.net
Lausefuchs,freenode/staff/fuchs,Christian,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Fuchs,freenode/staff/fuchs,Christian,karatkievich.freenode.net
Speed`,mistry.tech,Shivam Mistry,card.freenode.net
emilsp,enucs/member/emilsp,Emƒ´ls,rajaniemi.freenode.net
yukibot,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fee4:c7d5,yukibot,niven.freenode.net
aphirst,2001:a61:2273:fe01:a64e:31ff:fe40:1030,aphirst,wolfe.freenode.net
kaffo,main.cluster.pulham.info,= Kaffo,wolfe.freenode.net
kline,freenode/staff/enucs.kline,Gareth,weber.freenode.net
rski,ppp005054125017.access.hol.gr,rski,tepper.freenode.net
nitia,unaffiliated/frony0,Tony,wilhelm.freenode.net
wish,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xpjvrhchckhjjmmf,wish,adams.freenode.net
EightAndAHalf,46.101.50.227,Jake Humphrey,karatkievich.freenode.net
Guest66666,nyaa.kragniz.eu,nyaa,weber.freenode.net
Taneb,runciman.hacksoc.org,Nathan van Doorn,wilhelm.freenode.net
stealthbow,main.cluster.pulham.info,stealthbow,asimov.freenode.net
barrucadu,fsf/member/barrucadu,Michael Walker,weber.freenode.net
kragniz,nyaa.kragniz.eu,kragniz,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Kuros,00-30-48-be-d2-95.warwick.ac.uk,Kuro Sakura,hitchcock.freenode.net
Fuuzetsu,37.139.11.195,Shana,karatkievich.freenode.net
Artox,79.124.7.87,Artox,asimov.freenode.net
aSmig,ta.failte.romhat.net,The Chin,hitchcock.freenode.net
magicianvivi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-smeputxwkwnvmabw,MagicianVivi,wolfe.freenode.net
Trollilo1,chn60-2-88-168-153-14.fbx.proxad.net,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
Trollilol,chn60-2-88-168-153-14.fbx.proxad.net,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
wolfiR,opensuse/member/wrosenauer,Wolfgang,karatkievich.freenode.net
johnyb,limu.coffee.liberejo.de,Julian Baeume,niven.freenode.net
jarkkom,2001:2060:49:217::164,Jarkko MourujÔøΩrvi,leguin.freenode.net
mbrock,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mwkmuwvpnnyvnufv,Mikael Brockman,adams.freenode.net
christiansen`,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:feae:5ff2,David Christiansen,niven.freenode.net
prooftechnique,185.14.184.86,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
monad_cat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nfswihopyknidemi,Michal Kawalec,wilhelm.freenode.net
carter,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmhweqsuvocmbizu,Carter Schonwald,wolfe.freenode.net
tolt,li697-66.members.linode.com,Kevin,asimov.freenode.net
aloiscochard,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wfrbmiyckodmnunm,Alois Cochard,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
martinBrown,unaffiliated/martinbrown,martinBrown,wolfe.freenode.net
carter-znc,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe6e:6c01,Carter Schonwald,karatkievich.freenode.net
fivetanley,irc.fivetanley.com,Stanley Stuart,card.freenode.net
jennmoneydollars,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wahfzdqquccfeoeg,Jenn Schiffer,adams.freenode.net
brittanystoroz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rqullnccwqluujao,Brittany Storoz,leguin.freenode.net
nolanlawson,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wlwmechixvfobnow,Nolan Lawson,sinisalo.freenode.net
willman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pgqkmqoihnyucrwi,Will Duffy,wolfe.freenode.net
RaphGro,fedora/raphgro,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
potty,fedora/potty,Abdel G. Mart√≠nez L.,adams.freenode.net
nirik,scrye.com,Kevin Fenzi,karatkievich.freenode.net
danofsatx,fedora/danofsatx,Dan of San Antonio, Texas,weber.freenode.net
adamw,redhat/adamw,Adam Williamson,asimov.freenode.net
elliot007,62-85-254-51.static.panicbnc.eu,elliot,verne.freenode.net
barq,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-azoagbtfnxzvopnn,barq,verne.freenode.net
mkolman,nat/redhat/x-qavtgmyzosylexhw,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
kushal,fedora/kushal,Kushal Das,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
linuxmodder,fedora/linuxmodder,linuxmodder,sinisalo.freenode.net
zodbot,fedora/bot/zodbot,Limnoria installed on 2016-06-11T19-31-21,orwell.freenode.net
pwhalen,unaffiliated/pwhalen,Paul Whalen,sinisalo.freenode.net
jforbes,redhat/jforbes,Justin Forbes,adams.freenode.net
sgallagh,nat/redhat/x-uzmctvrgneovkppw,Stephen Gallagher,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mbriza,81-35.hukot.net,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
jcline,fedora/jcline,Jeremy Cline,wolfe.freenode.net
itamarjp,fedora/itamarjp,itamar,asimov.freenode.net
tflink,redhat/tflink,tflink,wolfe.freenode.net
kparal,ip4-83-240-81-134.cust.nbox.cz,Kamil Paral,wolfe.freenode.net
langdon,nat/redhat/x-lsscjjmaspjrdccr,langdon,verne.freenode.net
coremodule,tirfa.com,coremodule,adams.freenode.net
teuf,haiku.zarb.org,Christophe Fergeau,barjavel.freenode.net
jwb,fedora/jwb,jwb_,karatkievich.freenode.net
nb,fedora/nb,nb,wilhelm.freenode.net
halfline,nat/redhat/x-lbsxpijfftcekbad,Ray Strode,tepper.freenode.net
sfix,unaffiliated/sfix,Gary Tierney,asimov.freenode.net
lupinix,fedora/lupinix,Christian Dersch,wolfe.freenode.net
jflory7,fedora/jflory7,Justin W. Flory,card.freenode.net
satellit,2601:602:200:94f1::608a,satellit,karatkievich.freenode.net
tempus_fol,unaffiliated/fol-tempus/x-4804267,tempus,leguin.freenode.net
FranciscoD,pdpc/supporter/active/franciscod,Ankur Sinha,tepper.freenode.net
Oxsh,95.85.9.194,oshell,barjavel.freenode.net
vhost,198.50.144.233,Eleet Ddos Protection by Researcher,adams.freenode.net
ProActive,antiddos.science,Eleet Ddos Protection by Researcher,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
gabrbedd,li680-65.members.linode.com,Gabriel Beddingfield,niven.freenode.net
Anchakor_,179.43.156.130,Anchakor,hitchcock.freenode.net
LAbot,2001:468:c80:2133:1618:77ff:fe46:fa3c,Supybot 0.83.4.1,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kwmiebach__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ctegzgolqtindoyv,Kurt Miebach,wilhelm.freenode.net
Anchakor,malco.valachnet.cz,Anchakor,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kamilion,botters/Kamilion,I am kamilion. But you knew that, didn't you.,asimov.freenode.net
ggherdov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vbwaayesufqmtyef,Giovanni Gherdovich,rajaniemi.freenode.net
subdriven,securabit/listener/subdriven,subdriven,karatkievich.freenode.net
joes,178.62.85.212,Joe Santoro,karatkievich.freenode.net
Alcest,69.64.40.177,Ecailles de lune,leguin.freenode.net
pronto,tasty.bagels.xxx,pronto,barjavel.freenode.net
blahdodo,69.172.164.248,Peter Pickford,verne.freenode.net
GameGamer43,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cbgluduvovedvksx,Bryan Walters,wolfe.freenode.net
shawnp0wers,linuxjournal/staff/shawnp0wers,Shawn Powers,adams.freenode.net
kidneb,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe33:363c,kidneb,niven.freenode.net
HarriedItGuy,167.160.36.50,HarriedItGuy,hitchcock.freenode.net
DK2,rs000042.fastrootserver.de,DK2,karatkievich.freenode.net
codey,unaffiliated/codey,Codey Oxley,wilhelm.freenode.net
hecliunyx,45.63.76.107,hecliunyx,leguin.freenode.net
__20h__,r-36.net,some_one,karatkievich.freenode.net
deww,unaffiliated/deww,dc2,barjavel.freenode.net
simon_q_,crowley.quantrill.eu,Simon,orwell.freenode.net
joast,cpe-98-146-188-96.natnow.res.rr.com,purple,verne.freenode.net
cyberanger,swissknife/adak/infocop411,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
BKuhl,pool-74-105-69-4.nwrknj.fios.verizon.net,Brad K,verne.freenode.net
rexbinary,fedora/rexbinary,Got ZNC?,sinisalo.freenode.net
JonathanD,freenode/staff/jonathand,fish,asimov.freenode.net
prg3,S01066c3b6b17c371.ed.shawcable.net,prg3,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
mattcen,c122-108-68-124.sunsh1.vic.optusnet.com.au,Matthew Cengia,wolfe.freenode.net
freeaks,LFbn-1-2964-244.w90-73.abo.wanadoo.fr,Textual User,weber.freenode.net
korozion,unaffiliated/korozion,Harry Showerdrain,karatkievich.freenode.net
ilan,captain.fonz.net,Ilan Rabinovitch,wolfe.freenode.net
yokel,unaffiliated/contempt,yokel,wolfe.freenode.net
bkidwell,vicky.new.xen.prgmr.com,Brendan Kidwell ( http://www.glump.net/ ),wilhelm.freenode.net
AngryBeaner,c-73-129-10-7.hsd1.md.comcast.net,Cesar,hitchcock.freenode.net
trench,unaffiliated/trench,cold as corps,adams.freenode.net
rostbach,193.28.89.139,Riku It√§puro,asimov.freenode.net
simon_q,crowley.quantrill.eu,Simon,orwell.freenode.net
mike_LR,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-juttfvbviyqhbkby,Mike Stone,adams.freenode.net
_joes_,178.62.85.212,Joe Santoro,asimov.freenode.net
greenfly,snowball.greenfly.net,greenfly,rajaniemi.freenode.net
g2,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-fmbddiepytagfvte,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
marksch,s5594af30.adsl.online.nl,marksch,barjavel.freenode.net
pogopolice,204.124.16.195,purple,wolfe.freenode.net
DigitalYeti,www.emergentswarm.com,Yeti McYeti,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cmaloney,sourceforge/alumni/cmaloney,snap-l,wilhelm.freenode.net
n3xjn,unaffiliated/saxdm,saxdm,sinisalo.freenode.net
KNERD,2604:a880:1:20::9b:4001,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
dzho,unaffiliated/dzho,D. Joe,adams.freenode.net
yidhra,162-217-213-87.pool.dsl.nctc.com,Unknown,niven.freenode.net
cmdshftn,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe84:703f,Al,wilhelm.freenode.net
VadtecWk,unaffiliated/vadtec,Vadtec,niven.freenode.net
HedgeWork,unaffiliated/hedgemage,Susan Sons,asimov.freenode.net
Cueball,11.21.169.217.in-addr.arpa,lee,wolfe.freenode.net
Jedicus,2602:306:c409:9180:4db7:7379:7777:151c,User,leguin.freenode.net
zizou,gusl/staff/mchavez,Zizou,card.freenode.net
gtrott_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dgqfacnihaaykogq,GT,adams.freenode.net
eintopf,unaffiliated/eintopf,eintopf,hitchcock.freenode.net
Bryanstein,shellium/admin/bryanstein,Bryan Smith,asimov.freenode.net
m1dnight1,83.ip-164-132-199.eu,Christophe De Troyer,barjavel.freenode.net
AlisonChaiken,173-228-89-193.dsl.static.fusionbroadband.com,Alison Chaiken,asimov.freenode.net
cbmuser,zlogin1.physik.fu-berlin.de,glaubitz,weber.freenode.net
stybla,pylon.zeratul.org,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
abqcheeks,raigaa.swcp.com,purple,asimov.freenode.net
RedRingRico,redringrico.plus.com,realname,niven.freenode.net
MissionCritical,unaffiliated/missioncritical,Mission Critical,weber.freenode.net
adrianhannah,ec2-52-201-102-2.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Adrian Hannah,hitchcock.freenode.net
rattis,rattis.net,chris j,karatkievich.freenode.net
asix,unaffiliated/andersix,Anders,hitchcock.freenode.net
Bardack,aether.hipocoon.be,Florent Delvaille,weber.freenode.net
rodgort,68.ip-149-56-14.net,rodgort,card.freenode.net
k5tux,joust.bluecows.com,Russ,weber.freenode.net
torrancew,ec2-54-149-3-122.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,torrancew,karatkievich.freenode.net
robink,unaffilated/robink,Robin Kauffman,card.freenode.net
EvilBill,cloud.nulldevice.net,Bill Childers,asimov.freenode.net
Gareth,znc.wiked.org,Gareth J. Greenaway,card.freenode.net
genpaku,107.191.100.185,genpaku,asimov.freenode.net
Pixelz,pix.pp.se,Norma Jeane Baker,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Bez_,vpn.ffa.priv.de,BZ,wilhelm.freenode.net
Freejack,unaffiliated/freejack,Freejack,wolfe.freenode.net
ectospasm,unaffiliated/ectospasm,ectospasm,weber.freenode.net
factor,ip70-185-223-172.ok.ok.cox.net,Daniel Yount,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jackyu,118.250.186.171,jackyu,tepper.freenode.net
koroded,smelly.cat,korozion,rajaniemi.freenode.net
andrewlsd,unaffiliated/zerlgi,andrewlsd,hitchcock.freenode.net
freat,66-168-44-136.dhcp.nwtn.ct.charter.com,Ron Senykoff,sinisalo.freenode.net
Valfor,unaffiliated/mrpps,Valfor,verne.freenode.net
ColonelPanic001,li61-113.members.linode.com,Mike,asimov.freenode.net
neurofuzz,p093.net042127179.tokai.or.jp,neurofuzz,card.freenode.net
RDUB-I,23.226.134.191,RDUB-I,verne.freenode.net
rburkholder,199.68.193.54,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
tyldis,111.232.189.109.customer.cdi.no,Vidar Tyldum,sinisalo.freenode.net
jinie,vile.thoughtcrime.dk,Jimmy,tepper.freenode.net
HedgeMage,unaffiliated/hedgemage,Susan Sons,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MArtin_01,202-224-190-90.dyn.estpak.ee,purple,niven.freenode.net
writteno1,node-1w7jr9qpwetjknw2qy26nim2v.ipv6.telus.net,writtenoff,wilhelm.freenode.net
jcastro,ubuntu/member/jcastro,Jorge Castro,barjavel.freenode.net
Corey,freenode/staff-emeritus/Corey,Corey,adams.freenode.net
milimetric,wikimedia/dandreescu,Dan Andreescu,adams.freenode.net
robla,wikimedia/robla,Rob Lanphier,wilhelm.freenode.net
ragesoss,wikimedia/ragesoss,Sage Ross,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kmuthu,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qavvxydyvbeynmlo,KavithaMuthu,karatkievich.freenode.net
myrcx,wikipedia/samtar,Sam,wilhelm.freenode.net
Elitre,wikimedia/Elitre,Elitre,wilhelm.freenode.net
addshore,wikimedia/addshore,addshore,wolfe.freenode.net
wikibugs,wikimedia/bot/pywikibugs,Wikibugs v2.1, http://tools.wmflabs.org/wikibugs/,barjavel.freenode.net
JD|cloud,wikimedia/Jasper-Deng,Jasper,leguin.freenode.net
Tobi_WMDE_SW_NA,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mmducshsgzalhqzu,Tobi G.,wilhelm.freenode.net
aude,104.131.175.72,aude,rajaniemi.freenode.net
CIA,wikimedia/charitwo,charitwo,barjavel.freenode.net
AlexZ,wikimedia/Az1568,Alex Z,barjavel.freenode.net
jdlrobson,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zhrcctcbrptuubqf,Jon Robson,wilhelm.freenode.net
Shanmugamp7,wikipedia/Shanmugamp7,Shanmugam,wilhelm.freenode.net
thedj,unaffiliated/thedj,Derk-Jan Hartman,orwell.freenode.net
Sir_Lestaty,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Sir Lestaty de Lioncourt,barjavel.freenode.net
James_F,wikimedia/JamesF,James D. Forrester,card.freenode.net
lindseyanne,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ukbvfuzhukumjsek,lindsey anne,adams.freenode.net
bd808,wikimedia/BDavis-WMF,Bryan Davis,leguin.freenode.net
Reedy,wikimedia/pdpc.active.reedy,Reedy,hitchcock.freenode.net
stashbot,wikimedia/bot/stashbot,https://tools.wmflabs.org/stashbot/,leguin.freenode.net
jackmcbarn,wikipedia/jackmcbarn,Jackmcbarn,wolfe.freenode.net
Glaisher,wikimedia/Glaisher,Glaisher,karatkievich.freenode.net
legoktm,wikipedia/Legoktm,legoktm,karatkievich.freenode.net
Debra,wikipedia/MZMcBride,Well open up your mind and see like me.,card.freenode.net
wikibugs_,wikimedia/bot/pywikibugs,Wikibugs v2.1, http://tools.wmflabs.org/wikibugs/,hitchcock.freenode.net
Athyria,wikimedia/Isarra,A tent full of grasshoppers,orwell.freenode.net
EdSaperia,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vyxqtixzfnhfjtcg,Ed Saperia,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nosferatu,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Nosferatu,card.freenode.net
matanya,wikimedia/matanya,Matanya,wolfe.freenode.net
RoanKattouw,mediawiki/Catrope,Roan Kattouw,adams.freenode.net
mooeypoo,wikimedia/mooeypoo,moo,barjavel.freenode.net
wm-bot3,wikimedia/bot/wm-bot,wm-bot,hitchcock.freenode.net
Danny_B,wikimedia/Danny-B.,Danny B.,weber.freenode.net
matt_flaschen,wikipedia/Mattflaschen,Matt Flaschen,weber.freenode.net
greg-g,wikimedia/greg-wmf,Greg Grossmeier,karatkievich.freenode.net
TrevorParscal,wikimedia/TrevorParscal,Trevor Parscal,adams.freenode.net
phedenskog,wikimedia/PHedenskog-WMF,Peter Hedenskog,adams.freenode.net
Krenair,wikimedia/Krenair,Alex Monk,karatkievich.freenode.net
jmatazzoni_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-opxweopsgzybuxhy,Joe Matazzoni,wilhelm.freenode.net
tomaluca95,kde/developer/tomaluca,Toma Luca,,,,adams.freenode.net
tonythomas,wikimedia/-01tonythomas,Tony Thomas,sinisalo.freenode.net
Niharika,wikimedia/NiharikaKohli,Niharika,adams.freenode.net
Lcawte,wikimedia/Lcawte,Lewis Cawte | http://www.lewiscawte.me/,wolfe.freenode.net
quiddity,wikipedia/quiddity,quiddity,rajaniemi.freenode.net
grrrit-wm,wikimedia/bot/grrrit-wm,GRRRit the Terrible,orwell.freenode.net
ebernhardson,unaffiliated/ebernhardson,guy,niven.freenode.net
Trizek,wikimedia/Trizek,Trizek,wilhelm.freenode.net
TarLocesilion,elen.niewiarowski.it,Tar L√≥cesilion,leguin.freenode.net
Deskana,wikimedia/Deskana,Dan Garry,wolfe.freenode.net
Isarra,wikimedia/Isarra,A tent full of grasshoppers,barjavel.freenode.net
geordi,v.eelis.net,geordi,adams.freenode.net
mwk,fsf/member/mwk,Marcin Ko≈õcielnicki,hitchcock.freenode.net
Jackneill,unaffiliated/jackneill,Jackneill,leguin.freenode.net
systmkor,unaffiliated/systmkor,systmkor,niven.freenode.net
klys,45.55.20.239,Mdasoh Kyaeppd,wolfe.freenode.net
u-ou,unaffiliated/no-n,no-n,wolfe.freenode.net
augustl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xhmnzpafizaamtid,August Lilleaas,leguin.freenode.net
reavengrey,unaffiliated/reavengrey,reavengrey,asimov.freenode.net
Pessimist,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-cfzdgbtmebmrmqab,Microsoft certified Notepad engineer,wolfe.freenode.net
tkln,pug1.kyla.fi,Aapo Vienamo,weber.freenode.net
oldtopman,unaffiliated/oldtopman,iAnn,hitchcock.freenode.net
magnificrab,40.114.86.233,Ubuntu,card.freenode.net
gamozo_,96-89-4-106-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,gamozo,karatkievich.freenode.net
z0ttel,2a01:4f8:100:7ffe:2::2,Z0ttel Baer,niven.freenode.net
jeaye,unaffiliated/jeaye,Jeaye,card.freenode.net
_jimmy,104.131.172.20,User Jimmy,orwell.freenode.net
shakalaka,ec2-52-52-27-0.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,shakalaka,barjavel.freenode.net
xpoqp,unaffiliated/xpoqz,xpo,orwell.freenode.net
N8Fear_,p5DC5D0D2.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,n8fear,sinisalo.freenode.net
klange,dakko.us,Kevin Lange,barjavel.freenode.net
apetresc,znc.apetre.sc,Adrian Petrescu,weber.freenode.net
dtzWill,unaffiliated/dtzwill,Will Dietz,verne.freenode.net
byte512,h37n2-um-a32.ias.bredband.telia.com,user,karatkievich.freenode.net
glauxosdever,ppp-94-66-47-118.home.otenet.gr,ŒëŒªŒ≠ŒæŒ±ŒΩŒ¥œÅŒøœÇ ŒëŒªŒµŒæŒ¨ŒΩŒ¥œÅŒøœÖ,hitchcock.freenode.net
corecode,0x2c.org,Simon Schubert <2@0x2c.org>,adams.freenode.net
jjuran,c-73-180-171-104.hsd1.md.comcast.net,Josh Juran,wolfe.freenode.net
Tanjoodo,snowcat.link,tanjoodo,asimov.freenode.net
RudyValencia,unaffiliated/rudyvalencia,Rudy Valencia,niven.freenode.net
heddwch,heddw.ch,Quinn Evans,weber.freenode.net
clog,bespin.org,CLOG (Channel LOGger) http://tunes.org/~nef/logs/,hitchcock.freenode.net
JeanSprouts,jap.moe,JustAPerson/freenode,barjavel.freenode.net
Khaotic,unaffiliated/khaotic,Khaotic,karatkievich.freenode.net
puckipedia,puckipedia.com,:P,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChickeNES,162.243.44.61,Bryce Lanham,karatkievich.freenode.net
abhoriel,138.68.130.253,abhoriel,asimov.freenode.net
eren,unaffiliated/eren,Eren T.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mniip,freenode/staff/mniip,mniip,kornbluth.freenode.net
yorick,oftn/oswg-member/yorick,Yorick,barjavel.freenode.net
Nycatelos,unaffiliated/illusional,Yidhra Kthanid,wilhelm.freenode.net
frolv,CPE00fc8d4905d3-CM00fc8d4905d0.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,frolv,tepper.freenode.net
MindlessDrone,unaffiliated/mindlessdrone,MindlessDrone,sinisalo.freenode.net
Sergio965,sergio.bz,Sergio,asimov.freenode.net
pikhq,75-163-170-132.clsp.qwest.net,pikhq,verne.freenode.net
shakeel,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pixgylfohbajueng,Shakeel Mahate,leguin.freenode.net
j00ru,80-219-208-230.dclient.hispeed.ch,j00ru,asimov.freenode.net
Nithogg,jrc16-h01-176-150-43-109.dsl.sta.abo.bbox.fr,ethiraric,karatkievich.freenode.net
Griwes,znc.reaver-project.org,Micha≈Ç Dominiak,karatkievich.freenode.net
nikio_,unaffiliated/nikio/x-5064535,realname,leguin.freenode.net
gdx90,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-vqycjiruecpixsic,gdx90,adams.freenode.net
grncdr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hpokibvbwdiztqfo,Stephen,wilhelm.freenode.net
sosho,unaffiliated/renopt,sosho,hitchcock.freenode.net
Ameisen,digitalcarbide.com,ameisen,card.freenode.net
rcl,unaffiliated/rcl-/x-9364766,Dmitry Rekman,niven.freenode.net
HeTo,battery.modeemi.fi,Henri Vettenranta,adams.freenode.net
cruxeternus,secspeed.com,Crux Eternus,verne.freenode.net
Asu,AMarseille-657-1-23-56.w86-219.abo.wanadoo.fr,sdelang,adams.freenode.net
zedsdeadbaby,fyodor.krmz.ovh,null,verne.freenode.net
e,freenode/staff/spy.edk,Ed Kellett,niven.freenode.net
andreas303,c-c551e155.01-35-6c6b7010.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
janemba,unaffiliated/janemba,janemba,leguin.freenode.net
dom96,nim-lang.org,Dominik,barjavel.freenode.net
abl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xazvpjhtwstpxqoc,Aleksandyr,wilhelm.freenode.net
niko,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.niko,Nicolas Coevoet,weber.freenode.net
pg12,p50844A1F.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,pg12,sinisalo.freenode.net
freakazoid0223,pool-173-49-14-128.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,New Now Know How,hitchcock.freenode.net
BronzeBeard,24-217-130-207.dhcp.stls.mo.charter.com,BronzeBeard,orwell.freenode.net
aejsmith,kiwi/developer/xyzzy,Alex Smith,niven.freenode.net
hlieberman,about/crypto/member/hlieberman,Harlan Lieberman-Berg,adams.freenode.net
mbrumlow,pluto.brumtopia.com,Michael Brumlow,wolfe.freenode.net
ziga,akira.neotokyo.phear.org,ziga,wilhelm.freenode.net
sparetire,unaffiliated/sparetire,spare,orwell.freenode.net
AnoHito,c-24-7-226-184.hsd1.mn.comcast.net,AnoHito,wolfe.freenode.net
tj,strlen.org,Tyrell A,verne.freenode.net
juergbi,jsky.paldo.org,J√ºrg Billeter,orwell.freenode.net
grumble,freenode/staff/grumble,grumble,sinisalo.freenode.net
M_D_K,voidi.ca,Gavin,tepper.freenode.net
rpcope,162.245.217.4,Robert Cope,barjavel.freenode.net
ZetItUp,h87-96-159-118.cust.se.alltele.net,...,adams.freenode.net
Stary,praise.ipv6.fossil.stary2001.co.uk,Stary2001,wolfe.freenode.net
Rev,revciu.pl,Rev,rajaniemi.freenode.net
emerson,freenode/staff/emerson,emerson,wilhelm.freenode.net
Beato,unaffiliated/beato,Beato,sinisalo.freenode.net
Gaudasse,bitwise.fr,God ASs,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Naabed-,kaneton.poolp.org,Naabed-,card.freenode.net
Prf_Jakob,volt/developer/jakob,Jakob Bornecrantz,barjavel.freenode.net
ekr,86.123.159.124,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
AntiSpamMeta,AntiSpamMeta/.,http://antispammeta.net,leguin.freenode.net
ggherdov-,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lksoozvjdnfopqdp,Giovanni Gherdovich,wolfe.freenode.net
ruik,91.146.121.17,Rudolf Ruik Marek,card.freenode.net
seeknull,138.197.200.72,Seek Null,barjavel.freenode.net
worfox,unaffiliated/worfox,worfox,wilhelm.freenode.net
atk,fsf/member/Arch-TK,Tomasz Kramkowski,adams.freenode.net
robert_,objectx/robert,KVIrc 4.2.0 Equilibrium http://kvirc.net/,orwell.freenode.net
unbalanced,104.207.144.200,unbalancedparen,niven.freenode.net
h4nnibal,unaffiliated/h4nnibal,Arjun Suresh Raji,adams.freenode.net
lxpz_,shiki.adnab.me,Alex Auvolat,karatkievich.freenode.net
glfernando,134.134.137.75,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
zerd,bat.slash.no,Henrik Nordvik,orwell.freenode.net
nicdev,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fedf:4986,unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
eax64,ns3099658.ip-37-59-60.eu,eax,asimov.freenode.net
Lucretia,pdpc/supporter/active/lucretia,realname,niven.freenode.net
lutoma,wikipedia/lutoma,Lukas Martini,wilhelm.freenode.net
FireFly,freenode/staff/firefly,FireFly,verne.freenode.net
graphitemaster,unaffiliated/graphitemaster,Dale Weiler,wilhelm.freenode.net
Dotti,255.ip-37-59-117.eu,Dotti,karatkievich.freenode.net
plonk,unaffiliated/plonk,plonk,barjavel.freenode.net
Celelibi,23.247.85.79.rev.sfr.net,Alors, il est beau mon whois ?,sinisalo.freenode.net
TkTech,ec2-52-70-105-60.compute-1.amazonaws.com,tktech,adams.freenode.net
kasumi-owari,ftth-213-233-237-007.solcon.nl,kasumi owari,wolfe.freenode.net
glenda,mischief-1-pt.tunnel.tserv29.fmt1.ipv6.he.net,glenda,adams.freenode.net
meowrobot,ool-18ba0f1f.dyn.optonline.net,Allison,orwell.freenode.net
Icefoz,roc.alopex.li,Simon Heath,leguin.freenode.net
ybden,unaffiliated/ybden,Ralph Holmes,leguin.freenode.net
Gynvael,80-219-208-230.dclient.hispeed.ch,Gynvael Coldwind,barjavel.freenode.net
jfu,3-234-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sinetek,sinet3k.com,sinetek,wilhelm.freenode.net
Halofreak1990,5ED0A537.cm-7-1c.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Got ZNC?,niven.freenode.net
tuxillo,185.48.86.222,Antonio Huete Jimenez,verne.freenode.net
radens,osuosl/staff/muricula,Ian Kronquist,verne.freenode.net
b3ntx,12.250.63.142,xb3ntx,weber.freenode.net
quc,87.116.229.99, quc,verne.freenode.net
Eryk,syntax-shell.me,Eryk,asimov.freenode.net
boos1993_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rgosvlincyoywdfq,Andrew,adams.freenode.net
Neuron1k,156.ip-164-132-42.eu,neuron1k,asimov.freenode.net
Meisaka,eciv.net,Meisaka,hitchcock.freenode.net
TurboBorland,c-73-32-158-183.hsd1.tx.comcast.net,GrandmaEubanks,rajaniemi.freenode.net
SM0TVI,unaffiliated/sm0tvi,Teodor V.,sinisalo.freenode.net
jessicah,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zemaodubrhjolivf,Jessica Hamilton,karatkievich.freenode.net
qeos,37.204.76.5,qeos.ru,asimov.freenode.net
Boreeas,2a03:4000:6:713c::1,Boreeas,niven.freenode.net
Redfoxmoon,177.92-221-236.customer.lyse.net,Redfox,wolfe.freenode.net
lava,gruss.cc,lava,kornbluth.freenode.net
stark,unaffiliated/stark,stark,adams.freenode.net
dustinm`,149.56.14.68,dustinm,wolfe.freenode.net
pisculichi,unaffiliated/pisculichi,pisculichi,weber.freenode.net
oshogbo,80-219-208-230.dclient.hispeed.ch,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
betheynyx,45.63.76.107,Public key was not set,wilhelm.freenode.net
prettymuchbryce,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xwohuzgyzizrntvu,prettymuchbryce,wilhelm.freenode.net
Defcronyke,88.143.197.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,Defcronyke,hitchcock.freenode.net
cja,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kufgnhjziabrjias,Christopher Anderson,wolfe.freenode.net
opios,unaffiliated/opios,Johan,orwell.freenode.net
acidx,hadron.lhc.net.br,Leandro Pereira,barjavel.freenode.net
solano,179-198-156-90.user3g.veloxzone.com.br,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
izalove,unaffiliated/izabera,izabera,wilhelm.freenode.net
Helio-,2604:a880:800:10::505:4001,Dylan Cochran,niven.freenode.net
thinkpol,130.225.0.251,thinkpol,sinisalo.freenode.net
newsham,udp217044uds.hawaiiantel.net,ex falso quodlibet,weber.freenode.net
ryan`c,znc.rya.nc,ryan,sinisalo.freenode.net
daniele_athome,net-47-53-132-231.cust.vodafonedsl.it,Daniele,leguin.freenode.net
exezin,unaffiliated/exezin,exezin,asimov.freenode.net
Deamon,irc.thevoxelbox.com,Nick,adams.freenode.net
lexxxx,hattara.com,lex,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kutio,2001:4b98:dc2:41:216:3eff:fe55:d050,kutio,wilhelm.freenode.net
diginet,107.170.146.29,John Titor,orwell.freenode.net
xiphiasx_,unaffiliated/dkingston,Michael Rodriguez,weber.freenode.net
zentrum,shell.franken.de,zentrum der macht,kornbluth.freenode.net
phr3ak,gnet.hu,phr3ak,card.freenode.net
alastair,aux.io,Alastair Hogge,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Staphylo,2a01:4f8:190:126a:d70a:378:c354:a3a3,None,niven.freenode.net
stux,37.48.121.205,stux,card.freenode.net
ptx,5.186.53.38,ptx,sinisalo.freenode.net
bipul,linuxpadawan/padawan/bipul,BIPUL.NET,niven.freenode.net
shymega,2001:ba8:1f1:f082:216:5eff:fe00:45a,shymega,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ornitorrincos,unaffiliated/ornitorrincos,ornitorrincos,wolfe.freenode.net
wolfmitchell,unaffiliated/wolfmitchell,MitchZNC,card.freenode.net
bg451,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eygvdiokkhydavod,Brandon,adams.freenode.net
sigtau,2604:a880:800:a1::ce:9001,Will,niven.freenode.net
funnel,unaffiliated/espiral,funnel,hitchcock.freenode.net
dongleiirc,119.189.84.91,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
Kazinsal,unaffiliated/blacklightos,Troy,adams.freenode.net
asla,2400:6180:0:d0::1b6:b001,asla,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Plazma,freenode/staff-emeritus/plazma,Plazma,asimov.freenode.net
divine,2001:470:8247:1::31,divine,adams.freenode.net
_sfiguser,93-35-253-193.ip57.fastwebnet.it,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
johannes1,bduc.org,bduc,niven.freenode.net
hollande,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-irqcuahrqsctesxq,Eric Holland,sinisalo.freenode.net
Tsutsukakushi,163.172.151.191,Yui Hirasawa,leguin.freenode.net
zhiayang,175.156.224.118,zhiayang,rajaniemi.freenode.net
XgF,magi1.paris.fr.node.e43.eu,Owen Shepherd,card.freenode.net
heinrich5991,unaffiliated/heinrich5991,heinrich5991,rajaniemi.freenode.net
GreaseMonkey,unaffiliated/greasemonkey,Legit,wilhelm.freenode.net
FreeFull,defocus/sausage-lover,FreeFull,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MarceColl,marcecoll.com,Marcelino Coll Rovira,hitchcock.freenode.net
Affliction,argon.rfc1337.net,Affliction,hitchcock.freenode.net
anonnumberanon,unaffiliated/anonnumberanon,Neal Rame,orwell.freenode.net
c0riolis,2607:5300:60:2885::1,Matthieu Tardy,niven.freenode.net
shikhin,unaffiliated/shikhin,Shikhin Sethi,card.freenode.net
Patater,patater.com,Jaeder Patater,leguin.freenode.net
Zoxc,98.93-89-45.enivest.net,Zoxc,wilhelm.freenode.net
Xark,unaffiliated/xark,Dude,leguin.freenode.net
mpetch,vps2.gnubg.com,MichaelPetch,karatkievich.freenode.net
Levex,188.166.148.203,Levente Kurusa,card.freenode.net
|DM|,93-86-78-25.dynamic.isp.telekom.rs,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
rsully,unaffiliated/rsully,rsully,orwell.freenode.net
giraffe,gateway/shell/firrre/x-priqdhkweggqsqus,skarn,asimov.freenode.net
geist,tkgeisel.com,Travis Geiselbrecht,sinisalo.freenode.net
th0ma5_,t0g.de,Thomas,niven.freenode.net
ggherdov`__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kihzplutqrpubrwv,Giovanni Gherdovich,wolfe.freenode.net
Sprocklem,unaffiliated/sprocklem,Malcolm,tepper.freenode.net
nkf1,104.236.175.225,nk,orwell.freenode.net
CustosLimen,unaffiliated/cust0slim3n,CustosLimen,tepper.freenode.net
nsh,wikipedia/nsh,Smedley Butler,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sigyn,freenode/utility-bot/sigyn,https://github.com/freenode/Sigyn,weber.freenode.net
nekomune,comfy.moe,Compile. Conform. Perform.,asimov.freenode.net
Aster,april-fools/2013/ninth/aster,Mischa Aster Sarah Alff,barjavel.freenode.net
cmr,oftn/oswg-member/cmr,cmr,hitchcock.freenode.net
air,c-73-228-125-129.hsd1.ut.comcast.net,Jon Doe,orwell.freenode.net
cantstanya,unaffiliated/cantstanya,chatting,wolfe.freenode.net
jesper--,unaffiliated/jesper--,www.GameLaunch.dk,weber.freenode.net
nanovad,unaffiliated/nanovad,Nick D,orwell.freenode.net
UNIVAC,94.23.95.183,UNIVAC,rajaniemi.freenode.net
miselin,pdpc/supporter/student/pcmattman,Matthew Iselin,wolfe.freenode.net
Nach0z,unaffiliated/nach0z,Nach0z,tepper.freenode.net
krzywy,91.121.100.158,krzywy,orwell.freenode.net
ovf,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kopadircehasqufg,Oleg Finkelshteyn,wilhelm.freenode.net
mrd,debian/developer/mrd,md,karatkievich.freenode.net
marky,unaffiliated/rbx,marky,wolfe.freenode.net
mischief,iota.offblast.org,~,karatkievich.freenode.net
ImpAbuse,unaffiliated/impabuse,ImpAbuse,asimov.freenode.net
Burgundy,5-12-92-49.residential.rdsnet.ro,Burgundy,verne.freenode.net
shirk,bitspin.org,Rene' K.,hitchcock.freenode.net
LambdaComplex,lambda.complex.rocks,LambdaComplex,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tm512,static-50-53-134-76.bvtn.or.frontiernet.net,tm512,karatkievich.freenode.net
ThomasRuiz,2001:41d0:1:cbcb::1,Thomas Ruiz,karatkievich.freenode.net
okami41,162.243.163.72,Sam Sharps,rajaniemi.freenode.net
fus_,dev.rozestwinski.com,Rafal,niven.freenode.net
brynet,brynet6.biz.tm,Bryan,wolfe.freenode.net
moondeck,ip185-143-254-252.ip.skjern-net.dk,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
RyuKojiro,c-67-169-148-232.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Daniel Loffgren,sinisalo.freenode.net
MoALTz,77-254-9-16.adsl.inetia.pl,NOYFB,asimov.freenode.net
EvilJStoker,unaffiliated/jstoker,EvilJStoker (Contact JStoker if I don't respond.),niven.freenode.net
Tobba,h120n3-far-a13.ias.bredband.telia.com,Tobba,wolfe.freenode.net
rorx,cpe-74-130-27-145.kya.res.rr.com,Rory,asimov.freenode.net
thePowersGang,pdpc/supporter/student/thepowersgang,John Hodge,wolfe.freenode.net
ZeDestructor,unaffiliated/zedestructor,ZeDestructor Van Hohenheim,karatkievich.freenode.net
Neo,opennic/Neo,Neo Anderson,niven.freenode.net
sns,do1.swilson.id.au,sodomy non sapiens,wilhelm.freenode.net
courtc,ec2.courtc.org,Courtney Cavin,adams.freenode.net
CipherWizard,216-21-169-52.slc.googlefiber.net,Joseph A. Lutz,adams.freenode.net
ensign,2001:41d0:8:d711::1,ensign,karatkievich.freenode.net
SlashLife,botters/slashlife,Simon Stienen,adams.freenode.net
Atrumx,unaffiliated/fivedeltasix,realname,leguin.freenode.net
Philpax__,220-253-31-229.dyn.iinet.net.au,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
_mjg,diabel.pl,Mateusz Guzik,orwell.freenode.net
warsh,unaffiliated/warsh,idk man,wilhelm.freenode.net
koike,50.57.74.102,Helen Koike,niven.freenode.net
hydraz,unaffiliated/demhydraz,Matheus A.,asimov.freenode.net
dminuoso,unaffiliated/dminuoso,Yes.,niven.freenode.net
nur,175.144.70.45,Nur Hussein,weber.freenode.net
__unemployedbot,pi.nxs.se,bruce,verne.freenode.net
kleinweby,unaffiliated/kleinweby,Christian Speich,adams.freenode.net
CustosL1men,unaffiliated/cust0slim3n,CustosLimen,weber.freenode.net
MarchHare,mo-76-0-41-1.dhcp.embarqhsd.net,Eddi Adami,weber.freenode.net
SN4T14,2a00:d880:5:13e::579a,SN4T14,niven.freenode.net
nickolas360,backtick.town,nickolas360,verne.freenode.net
dograt,unaffiliated/dograt,dograt,card.freenode.net
SirCmpwn,irc.sircmpwn.com,Drew DeVault,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
lecx,yuuh.pw,lex,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Aeyxa,gateway/web/freenode/ip.71.6.189.189,71.6.189.189 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
bslsk05,awoken.puckipedia.com,A lizard,weber.freenode.net
darklink,p2003007F4F4D1221BA27EBFFFE2EA6A3.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Morten Delenk,wilhelm.freenode.net
hunt,howm/hunt,hunt,barjavel.freenode.net
Mikaku,pdpc/supporter/active/mikaku,Jordi Sanfeliu,hitchcock.freenode.net
abra0,unaffiliated/abra0,abra_abra,kornbluth.freenode.net
lanechr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rgvnoplqmorppixk,Christopher Lane,sinisalo.freenode.net
Shockk,polar/dev/shockk,Shockk,wolfe.freenode.net
froggey,unaffiliated/froggey,Henry,orwell.freenode.net
glfernando_,nat/intel/x-lzwxgbmbhjynihhr,realname,adams.freenode.net
ShoaibJahejo,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-eavllgqagcqaadel,ShoaibJahejo,karatkievich.freenode.net
qptain_Nemo,37.204.239.206,qptain Nemo,adams.freenode.net
chaoskagami,chaos.moe,chaoskagami,card.freenode.net
alamar,oops.kernel.de,Julian D. Seifert,leguin.freenode.net
M4GNV5,v22015123214830522.bestsrv.de,magnus,hitchcock.freenode.net
sdhand,unaffiliated/kyubiko,sdhand,adams.freenode.net
goncalo,oblivion.promisc.org,Goncalo Gomes,orwell.freenode.net
trn,prone.ws,Jeff Johnson,asimov.freenode.net
sortie,dhcp-5-186-120-80.cgn.ip.fibianet.dk,Jonas 'Sortie' Termansen,wolfe.freenode.net
zaquest,5.128.210.30,realname,weber.freenode.net
nickle,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pbqdgwbtlfwbnfga,Nick,wilhelm.freenode.net
nchambers,freenode/spooky-exception/bartender/learnprogramming.nchambers,Nicholas Chambers,karatkievich.freenode.net
Zor,3e6bfa5e.rev.stofanet.dk,alexrp,verne.freenode.net
md_5,mcdevs/trusted/md-5,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
nshp,my.domain.is.better.thanyours.com,HI,hitchcock.freenode.net
JodaZ,unaffiliated/jodaz,joda,karatkievich.freenode.net
Brnocrist,unaffiliated/brnocrist,spartak,leguin.freenode.net
Benjojo,srv-83.nsa.me.uk,Ben Cox,wilhelm.freenode.net
xenos1984,22-164-191-90.dyn.estpak.ee,xenos1984,niven.freenode.net
reda,unaffiliated/reda,reda,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mavhq,cpc77319-basf12-2-0-cust433.12-3.cable.virginm.net,mavhc,asimov.freenode.net
regreg,85.121.54.224,regreg,adams.freenode.net
john51,15255.s.t4vps.eu,John,sinisalo.freenode.net
nw,tyre.if.org,Adium User,weber.freenode.net
CompanionCube,unaffiliated/drmushroom,samis,niven.freenode.net
BASICFreak,96-33-182-27.dhcp.slid.la.charter.com,Brian T Hoover,karatkievich.freenode.net
bcos,101.103.139.14,Brendan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zoa,lnd.mn,Billy Lindeman,karatkievich.freenode.net
phil-opp_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cqavjdswpjnnyvvn,Philipp Oppermann,sinisalo.freenode.net
zid`,cpc88862-pete11-2-0-cust721.4-4.cable.virginm.net,zid,wolfe.freenode.net
ampotos,78.247.114.197,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
juanfra,unaffiliated/juanfra,juanfra,karatkievich.freenode.net
doppler,unaffiliated/doppler,doppler,asimov.freenode.net
Sjors,bulbasaur.sjorsgielen.nl,Sjors Gielen,niven.freenode.net
L4B,unaffiliated/l4b,purple,sinisalo.freenode.net
colona,keel.ycc.fr,Colona,card.freenode.net
pcacjr,torg.zytor.com,Paulo Alcantara,wilhelm.freenode.net
pecan,li904-82.members.linode.com,Peter C,tepper.freenode.net
chaignc,2001:41d0:8:50d2::1,chaignc,wilhelm.freenode.net
codfection,unaffiliated/codfection,realname,niven.freenode.net
bizarrefish,cl-46.lon-03.gb.sixxs.net,Lee Marshall,niven.freenode.net
joshwget,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-agvtcxffpipmzwbi,Josh Curl,adams.freenode.net
Magik6k,magik6k.net,Magik6k,sinisalo.freenode.net
merced,unaffiliated/merced,merced,tepper.freenode.net
c355e3b,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xqvynwgxlfwdrqvx,c355E3B,karatkievich.freenode.net
Dreg,fr33project.org,Dreg,hitchcock.freenode.net
`Ivan,stalkr.net,ivan,verne.freenode.net
bpye,unaffiliated/bpye,Ben,adams.freenode.net
wgrant,ubuntu/member/wgrant,wgrant,barjavel.freenode.net
emoney,users.757.org,Eric Whitestone,orwell.freenode.net
zenware,c-98-206-185-210.hsd1.il.comcast.net,zenware,asimov.freenode.net
navidr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qsenpzikifwlnxyz,navidra,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Vercas,unaffiliated/vercas,Alexandru-Mihai Maftei,asimov.freenode.net
[com]buster,ip5457c57d.direct-adsl.nl,Eternal Flame,card.freenode.net
Lekensteyn,arpi.lekensteyn.nl,Peter Wu,karatkievich.freenode.net
woakas2,static.15.240.46.78.clients.your-server.de,Gustavo Andr√©s Angulo Morales,adams.freenode.net
gremly,190.147.16.243,Oscar Javier Moreno Rey,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
thelaptop,gateway/shell/club.cc.cmu.edu/x-ctlfodqapyenpjtz,thelaptop,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
cyphase,unaffiliated/cyphase,Cyphase,orwell.freenode.net
allo,krylovsub.space,Thomas A. Anderson,weber.freenode.net
uBot,otfbot.cer.xnis.de,Contact for this bot is cato,sinisalo.freenode.net
cato,i.xnis.de,cato,adams.freenode.net
Bretzky,104.236.85.217,Bretzky,niven.freenode.net
neko,kuroneko.2chan.jp,Áå´Áãê„ÅÆÁ•û,adams.freenode.net
abbe,badti.me,abbe,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
demure,demu.red,demure,orwell.freenode.net
Bigcheese,unaffiliated/bigcheese,Bigcheese,wilhelm.freenode.net
Conny_,85-22-126-66.ip.dokom21.de,Conny,rajaniemi.freenode.net
_marc`,2001:41d0:8:5527::8,marc,wilhelm.freenode.net
freex_,192-164-211-99.adsl.highway.telekom.at,paratux,barjavel.freenode.net
JiYu,frontend.itbert.de,JiYU,niven.freenode.net
drscream,coconut.frubar.net,tmerkel,rajaniemi.freenode.net
taleon,unaffiliated/taleon,Christian Ruesch,wolfe.freenode.net
samtux,unaffiliated/samtux,samtux,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Guest13448,gateway/shell/firrre/x-ekugprdgzbrueufu,kudu,adams.freenode.net
JD|cloud,wikimedia/Jasper-Deng,Jasper,leguin.freenode.net
ekem,helium.nk3r.com,Monkey,verne.freenode.net
minivanmegafun2,relaychat.party,minivanmegafun2,rajaniemi.freenode.net
robogoat,163.172.136.88,robogoat,wolfe.freenode.net
bjonnh,unaffiliated/bjonnh,Bjonnh,niven.freenode.net
loans,d118-75-253-228.col.wideopenwest.com,derek,orwell.freenode.net
hef,arbitrarion.com,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
skay_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bfqfluozewvqqwyn,skay,wolfe.freenode.net
shapr,haskell/developer/shapr,Shae Erisson,verne.freenode.net
greensilex,104.131.48.233,greensilex,niven.freenode.net
`justin,198.46.158.79,Justin T. Conroy,barjavel.freenode.net
DimaV,c-98-212-1-23.hsd1.il.comcast.net,V,wilhelm.freenode.net
Erin,208-59-144-9.c3-0.mcm-ubr1.chi-mcm.il.cable.rcn.com,realname,tepper.freenode.net
minivanmegafun,hardch.at,http://a.minivanmegafun.com/crap/irc/bartholomew.p,asimov.freenode.net
r4v5,do.r4v5.info,r4v5,niven.freenode.net
Toba_,freyr.truct.org,Eric Stein,weber.freenode.net
mayobot,45.55.218.10,mayobot,rajaniemi.freenode.net
x86,pool-100-6-20-139.pitbpa.fios.verizon.net,Brawndo,weber.freenode.net
baileybot2,98.227.61.39,A temporary baileybot.,sinisalo.freenode.net
oscarbot,mail4.sshchicago.org,http://a.minivanmegafun.com/crap/oscarbot.jpg,weber.freenode.net
bkeller`,4.66.32a9.ip4.static.sl-reverse.com,Keller",orwell.freenode.net
durandal21,2604:a880:1:20::259:b001,Matt,wolfe.freenode.net
rattard_,32.97.110.50,Ryan Attard,orwell.freenode.net
