Danielss89,server1.dasprids.de,Daniel Strøm,karatkievich.freenode.net
kapowaz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mgqkvfmrpkgedzyf,Ben Darlow,adams.freenode.net
sheppard,wq.io,S. Andrew Sheppard,karatkievich.freenode.net
RushPL,2a01:4f8:172:1413::2,Damian Kaczmarek,niven.freenode.net
ezakimak,dominologic.com,IRC User,verne.freenode.net
jrburke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dhmibaklbbwtijay,James Burke,wolfe.freenode.net
fkm,unaffiliated/fkm,Florian Mäder,leguin.freenode.net
joshtau,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nodmupbnkcqcveof,joshtau,wilhelm.freenode.net
busticated,c-24-21-207-146.hsd1.or.comcast.net,Textual User,wolfe.freenode.net
MLM_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-orcuiozueuvqrtog,Eric Mods,wilhelm.freenode.net
marlinc,1.0.0.127.13.204.167.185.in-addr.arpa,Marlinc,adams.freenode.net
u0m3_,188.25.14.68,realname,tepper.freenode.net
gseguin|away,gateway/shell/jquery.com/x-gmnxrdbtzonwpvrn,Ghislain Seguin,verne.freenode.net
ajpiano,li98-57.members.linode.com,adam j. sontag,leguin.freenode.net
SirCmpwn,irc.sircmpwn.com,Drew DeVault,adams.freenode.net
fidothe,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jsqobpacuwmnjmbp,Matt Patterson,adams.freenode.net
twisted`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmeuevvcnrsegdxc,twisted,karatkievich.freenode.net
onewheelskyward,ec2-52-38-96-208.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,z,karatkievich.freenode.net
Carbon_Monoxide,119247121106.ctinets.com,Carbon Monoxide,adams.freenode.net
tokik,122x212x176x138.ap122.ftth.ucom.ne.jp,tokik,asimov.freenode.net
ircmaxell,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qidoxjtebbkbfrnk,Anthony,karatkievich.freenode.net
explore,61.58.167.226,explore,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tsesarevich,fluxbuntu/founder/joejaxx,Otshelnik,adams.freenode.net
skybotbeta,ec2-52-38-96-208.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,skybotbeta,asimov.freenode.net
ziper,unaffiliated/ziper,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
shoup,45.63.76.107,Slick,leguin.freenode.net
nadir,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xcnwmulefbkcjwwu,CYBORG 11. Buddy spike.,leguin.freenode.net
rizqi,ip219.ip-5-196-110.eu,rizqi,weber.freenode.net
Tadas,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-shanjfhmtwyevhil,Tadas,wolfe.freenode.net
LyNC,snickers.org,*unknown*,verne.freenode.net
danopia,fullcirclemagazine/developer/danopia,Daniel Lamando,adams.freenode.net
archaic,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-zobiytdcxunvmxxe,root,rajaniemi.freenode.net
optiz0r,higgins.sihnon.net,optiz0r,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
mudler,gentoo/developer/mudler,mudler,niven.freenode.net
akelling,c-71-229-169-232.hsd1.co.comcast.net,sharp,barjavel.freenode.net
NP-Hardass,gentoo/developer/np-hardass,NP-Hardass,orwell.freenode.net
Guest53377,212.129.57.2,Kushal Das,niven.freenode.net
systmkor,unaffiliated/systmkor,systmkor,niven.freenode.net
jankratochvil,host1.jankratochvil.net,Jan Kratochvil,sinisalo.freenode.net
lberk,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe93:314a,lberk,karatkievich.freenode.net
jistone,38.104.156.250,Josh Stone,hitchcock.freenode.net
siruf,unaffiliated/motley,siruf,verne.freenode.net
blueness,gentoo/developer/blueness,Anthony G. Basile,niven.freenode.net
ajax,nat/redhat/x-srxycjioizrtfrcu,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
riddle,us.yunix.net,decadance,karatkievich.freenode.net
blueness_,gentoo/developer/blueness,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jemarch,gnu/pdf/jemarch,unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
fche,CPE0024016896b5-CM84948c864b60.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,Frank Ch. Eigler,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sayan,fedora/sayan,sayan,adams.freenode.net
17SAAC49A,128.199.106.74,Sayan Chowdhury,card.freenode.net
_petr,178.62.120.62,unknown,verne.freenode.net
archive-bot,111.87.197.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,nodeJS IRC client,weber.freenode.net
danfowler,iceland.sdf.org,Some Guy,orwell.freenode.net
sethvincent,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cmdtijilsgeavhan,sethvincent,wolfe.freenode.net
ogd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ugoqueelxlyaavob,Computer Entity,wolfe.freenode.net
pudo__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zjgepabqkjrvabso,Friedrich Lindenberg,adams.freenode.net
mapop,mail.pinedesk.biz,mapop,wolfe.freenode.net
jameskyb1rz,213-64-78-153-no57.tbcn.telia.com,James Kyburz,orwell.freenode.net
beaugunderson_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mqkbzjgjspngvgtp,Beau Gunderson,wolfe.freenode.net
juul,juul.io,juul,verne.freenode.net
JSON_voorheez,192.241.221.28,JSON_voorhees,karatkievich.freenode.net
modulitos,ec2-52-25-16-24.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Luke,hitchcock.freenode.net
lachenmayer,gateway/shell/firrre/x-qacequrhfnujnszk,Harry Lachenmayer,adams.freenode.net
_6a68,2620:101:8016:74::5:211,Jared Hirsch,wolfe.freenode.net
andrewosh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bjuekzxhnxipdjuy,Andrew Osheroff,adams.freenode.net
pelegreno___,107.170.175.57,cinch,niven.freenode.net
hughsk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rzkbpowadatxifly,Hugh Kennedy,adams.freenode.net
rabbitface3,192.241.197.29,rabbit,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Guest57358,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zqtgaeqlfdfqlsja,jden,leguin.freenode.net
KR__,znc.squelch.chat,KR,asimov.freenode.net
timwis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uszajgcfmdxoaijd,Tim,adams.freenode.net
mafintosh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lshngepuimtuqwds,Mathias Buus,adams.freenode.net
jbenet,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kohjqdlvoqxoevrs,Juan Benet,adams.freenode.net
anandthakker,ec2-52-37-31-135.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Anand Thakker,karatkievich.freenode.net
simalexan,46.101.12.144,Aleksandar Simovic,rajaniemi.freenode.net
wavis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rmrmthgcxkhpwqsn,Travis Wellman,niven.freenode.net
knowtheory,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wjjswcrllvmjmyym,Ted Han,wolfe.freenode.net
poga,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bdbvsikijxxyxgnu,Poga Po,wilhelm.freenode.net
nicolagreco,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ouwjcxnnrwrvlkih,Nicola,karatkievich.freenode.net
wking,c-73-221-72-168.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,Trevor,hitchcock.freenode.net
astro,spaceboyz.net,Fgrcuna Znxn,asimov.freenode.net
[o__o],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me,verne.freenode.net
eljee,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iurvbxzbkfjtkuvy,laureng,card.freenode.net
almereyda,mongoose.ecobytes.net,jon r,kornbluth.freenode.net
finnp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vizojhlbvrwwptrh,Finn,leguin.freenode.net
danfowle1,SDF.ORG,Some Guy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
wa7son,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-olatwzmukxtkmugc,Thomas Watson,sinisalo.freenode.net
null_radix,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-rlobvrjyjhyjwkhn,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,niven.freenode.net
mariorz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gfpsqhlglwjuopaq,mario romero,rajaniemi.freenode.net
feross,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vtkompkipatvahiw,Feross Aboukhadijeh,wolfe.freenode.net
t4c0c4t,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tuvgmxyxqeljvvhg,shawnp,adams.freenode.net
mmckegg,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kegdeieswnmzexof,Matt McKegg,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bret,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-thzaumlzwpolfmxh,Bret Comnes,leguin.freenode.net
pdurbin,104.236.120.101,pdurbin,orwell.freenode.net
elsehow,web309.webfaction.com,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
bmpvieira,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bqwffgholyledrcj,bmpvieira,wilhelm.freenode.net
richardlitt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-igtkgydoyuohuwad,Richard Littauer,karatkievich.freenode.net
dat-gitter-bot,ec2-54-211-82-75.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nodeJS IRC client,tepper.freenode.net
wangbus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hcmlzyjkyhoqinba,James Wang,karatkievich.freenode.net
jlord,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wjuoiggmidiafuwd,jlord,wilhelm.freenode.net
hyperirc-4e397d9,146.185.167.141,nodeJS IRC client,orwell.freenode.net
parshap,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-givjuacnhcwfzmlz,parshap,adams.freenode.net
mikeal,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mzcetzizddwlwvjq,Mikeal Rogers,wilhelm.freenode.net
mikolalysenko,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zwosrusbpptqjaoe,Mikola Lysenko,karatkievich.freenode.net
TheLink,unaffiliated/thelink,beingalink,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sorribas,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-efpipyvqlbwzqwsx,Eduardo Sorribas,karatkievich.freenode.net
eins78,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xrrtvsgsjgoffuhi,eins78,leguin.freenode.net
jhand,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lrewzgcpppbkzdik,Joe H,leguin.freenode.net
mbrock,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mwkmuwvpnnyvnufv,Mikael Brockman,adams.freenode.net
daviddias,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ptwlxdjwthqzvnpd,David Dias,rajaniemi.freenode.net
voxpelli,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kbhhqxsuvtlmkgiq,Pelle Wessman,barjavel.freenode.net
yoshuawuyts,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hlnzqkginilpigbb,yoshuawuyts,sinisalo.freenode.net
abl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xazvpjhtwstpxqoc,Aleksandyr,wilhelm.freenode.net
karissa,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gzsqrdlozcrjoerr,karissa,adams.freenode.net
substack,104.131.0.235,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
kumavis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bcneqvjffngnkbuq,aaron,adams.freenode.net
brycebaril,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ztkupvztelmxycfy,Bryce,wilhelm.freenode.net
emilbayes,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hqhrxtdpcplnnvea,Emil Bay,sinisalo.freenode.net
clkao,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-reyxsjmeycmqodkg,clkao,wilhelm.freenode.net
freeman-lab,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cljcvqmyvnuzypzf,freeman-lab,adams.freenode.net
amercader,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wigvpbsxbmdpphpi,Adrià Mercader,karatkievich.freenode.net
ddem-bot,162.243.101.49,ddem-bot,card.freenode.net
jarib,unaffiliated/jarib,Jari Bakken,wilhelm.freenode.net
rahat,znc.squelch.chat,ZNCFreek,asimov.freenode.net
devhoag,coder.firrre.com,Will Hoag,rajaniemi.freenode.net
esmiurium,45.63.76.107,Page Closed,karatkievich.freenode.net
juliangruber,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wpgshbsiabfkfakn,Julian Gruber,rajaniemi.freenode.net
xiplias,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wfexsxpwhzkuydce,Anders Borre Hansen,wilhelm.freenode.net
rabbitface3,192.241.197.29,rabbit,rajaniemi.freenode.net
domenkozar,v22014052224618709.yourvserver.net,ielectric,karatkievich.freenode.net
gwae,unaffiliated/gwae,gwae,wilhelm.freenode.net
tito,pdpc/supporter/active/tito,tito,barjavel.freenode.net
kaspergrubbe,88.80.188.142,kasper,orwell.freenode.net
yar,unaffiliated/yar,yar,asimov.freenode.net
rikai,unaffiliated/rikai,rikai,niven.freenode.net
deltab,ds6266.dedicated.turbodns.co.uk,deltab,niven.freenode.net
gnarf,unaffiliated/gnarf,Corey Frang,niven.freenode.net
yano,freenode/staff-emeritus/yano,my idle time is a lie,card.freenode.net
bret,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-thzaumlzwpolfmxh,Bret Comnes,leguin.freenode.net
elijah,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gohrykoczswvdhrj,Elijah Lynn,wolfe.freenode.net
wizonesolutions,drupal.org/user/739994/view,WizOne Solutions,sinisalo.freenode.net
ribasushi,mujunyku.leporine.io,Peter Rabbitson,karatkievich.freenode.net
[0__0],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me/,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
geir1,162.218.232.246,1,barjavel.freenode.net
arkimedes,199.58.81.144,ark,hitchcock.freenode.net
elimisteve,192.241.189.15,ubuntu,karatkievich.freenode.net
fps,fps.io,Florian Schmidt,card.freenode.net
cosmos,62-47-18-221.adsl.highway.telekom.at,ShalokShalom,hitchcock.freenode.net
rostam,2001:420:30a:440b:99e5:2a30:eeec:9a18,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zaphoyd,2001:470:1:41:a800:ff:fe3e:cddb,Peter Thorson,karatkievich.freenode.net
Salbei,ns341205.ip-37-59-45.eu,david,sinisalo.freenode.net
aurel,atommuell.mum.jku.at,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
varx1,199.192.76.174,varx,adams.freenode.net
jefferai,kde/mitchell,Jeff Mitchell,barjavel.freenode.net
jchampion,unaffiliated/jchampion,Jacob Champion,adams.freenode.net
eXeC64,exec64.co.uk,Harry Jeffery,adams.freenode.net
maxking,mail.asynchronous.in,Abhilash_Raj,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Namidairo,unaffiliated/namidairo,Oh Hai Thar,roddenberry.freenode.net
eau,unaffiliated/eau,eau,asimov.freenode.net
Sin__,185.92.223.2,Real Name,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Mastho,5.196.72.41,Mastho,wolfe.freenode.net
haasn,haasn.xyz,haasn,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jmorgan,gentoo/developer/jmorgan,Jack Morgan,adams.freenode.net
zerkalo,ny1.hashbang.sh,myricae,adams.freenode.net
blueness,gentoo/developer/blueness,Anthony G. Basile,niven.freenode.net
blueness_,gentoo/developer/blueness,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tamiko,gentoo/developer/tamiko,Matthias Maier,card.freenode.net
robink,unaffilated/robink,Robin Kauffman,card.freenode.net
grawity,virgule.cluenet.org,Mantas Mikulėnas <grawity@gmail.com>,niven.freenode.net
holgersson,unaffiliated/holgersson,holgersson,karatkievich.freenode.net
mgorny,gentoo/developer/mgorny,Micha? G�rny,weber.freenode.net
ilovezfs_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-joxmqzokakpdjbjj,ilovezfs_,wolfe.freenode.net
kaste,gaf/kaste,Some Guy,adams.freenode.net
iamben,gentoo/contributor/iamben,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
johu,gentoo/developer/johu,Johannes Huber,hitchcock.freenode.net
rich0,gentoo/developer/rich0,Richard Freeman,sinisalo.freenode.net
WilliamH,gentoo/developer/williamh,William Hubbs,leguin.freenode.net
Soap__,gentoo/developer/soap,Soap__,leguin.freenode.net
slyfox,gentoo/developer/slyfox,Sergei Trofimovich,wilhelm.freenode.net
floppym,gentoo/developer/floppym,Mike Gilbert,adams.freenode.net
willikins,gentoo/bot/Willikins,Gentoo Services Bot, based on Ruby bot (c) Giusepp,adams.freenode.net
leio,gentoo/developer/leio,Mart Raudsepp,sinisalo.freenode.net
josef64,unaffiliated/josef64,josef64,sinisalo.freenode.net
bobwya,host-92-25-70-11.as13285.net,Robert Walker,hitchcock.freenode.net
jmorgani_,nat/intel/x-gseucgdwcnukxpog,Jack Morgan,barjavel.freenode.net
likewhoa,s2.maserver.com,Fernando Reyes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
inara,68.ip-149-56-14.net,inara,karatkievich.freenode.net
lxnay,gentoo/developer/lxnay,Fabio Erculiani,wilhelm.freenode.net
dilfridge,gentoo/developer/dilfridge,Andreas K. Huettel,karatkievich.freenode.net
phunyguy,ubuntu/member/phunyguy,Phuny Guy,wolfe.freenode.net
maffblaster,gentoo/developer/maffblaster,Maff,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pavlix,nat/redhat/x-zirzjchxnzbcntnp,Pavel Šimerda,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Einherjer,69.64.40.177,Viking,leguin.freenode.net
jcallen_,gentoo/developer/jcallen,Jonathan Callen,niven.freenode.net
hoglahoo,unaffiliated/hoglahoo,hoglahoo,asimov.freenode.net
cahill,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mcglzfqpdsazfdsy,Cahill,sinisalo.freenode.net
shaun413,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rcgjsaibujwwkrli,Goat,sinisalo.freenode.net
Frostyy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vfpjexrfuwtthafo,FrostyMouse,karatkievich.freenode.net
chals,odin.sdf-eu.org,Carlos Zuferri,barjavel.freenode.net
solene,srv.dataswamp.org,Solene Rapenne,wolfe.freenode.net
DrPete,fsf/member/DrPete,DrPete,tepper.freenode.net
IntelRNG,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-uvultqbvupkjhlij,IntelRNG,wilhelm.freenode.net
MonkeyofDoom,2601:240:c400:5d33:dd62:5953:ca08:b49c,four,karatkievich.freenode.net
stevie77de,x4d0c5d76.dyn.telefonica.de,<nil>,hitchcock.freenode.net
zdo,pdpc/supporter/active/zdo,ts_bot,orwell.freenode.net
teiresias,unaffiliated/teiresias,Christopher Brannon,rajaniemi.freenode.net
prologic,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lemuiyjwmurxddaf,James Mills,adams.freenode.net
brianko,unaffiliated/brianko,Itinerant wanderer,leguin.freenode.net
nm0i,me0w.net,Maxim Landau,wolfe.freenode.net
nonlinear,unaffiliated/discrttm,Matthew Wishek,hitchcock.freenode.net
jstg,unaffiliated/jstg,jstg,wolfe.freenode.net
Menche,gateway/tor-sasl/menche,Menche the Turtle,zelazny.freenode.net
__20h__,r-36.net,some_one,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tsutsukakushi,163.172.151.191,Yui Hirasawa,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
C-Keen,k4cg/C-Keen,ckeen,verne.freenode.net
Schroeder,unaffiliated/unclejimbob,Schroeder the Piano Guy,sinisalo.freenode.net
sanbiber,unaffiliated/sanbiber,sanbiber,sinisalo.freenode.net
CcxWrk,asterix.te2000.cz,('.'),tepper.freenode.net
philmacfly,thorin.philmacfly.eu,philmacfly,weber.freenode.net
zcrayfish,pdpc/supporter/student/zcrayfish,Zachary,orwell.freenode.net
zlg,gentoo/developer/zlg,zlg,orwell.freenode.net
bargepole,y.1bpm.net,bargepole,orwell.freenode.net
demure,demu.red,demure,orwell.freenode.net
ph3-der-loewe,ist.fellig.org,Philipp Schafft,niven.freenode.net
Rachael,2001:16d8:ff1c:23:dead:beef:babe:5,Jacob Dah Pind,wolfe.freenode.net
deepy,wrongplanet/deepa,deepy,niven.freenode.net
mostlybadfly,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nzzembrfnqahxfqu,Daniel,leguin.freenode.net
Hasefroch,unaffiliated/sud0,Bruno,barjavel.freenode.net
sleeping-unicorn,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-aqbogbadztxwubtx,s[999]-unicorn,niven.freenode.net
SeferYetzirah_,pdpc/supporter/active/seferyetzirah,ian,weber.freenode.net
Messenger_bird,wikipedia/Antonio-Lopez,ananana,verne.freenode.net
syntack,unaffiliated/syntack,Pancake God,asimov.freenode.net
lawl,ns332320.ip-37-187-123.eu,lawl,weber.freenode.net
prosody,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-okwbtnfulegpqetx,.'rosody Vereable Context(°,adams.freenode.net
Defaultti,lakka.kapsi.fi,Defaultti,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tnyubot,ec2-54-242-42-195.compute-1.amazonaws.com,cinch,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Tom39Away,unaffiliated/tom39,Tom,sinisalo.freenode.net
stux|RC-only,37.48.121.205,stux,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
_Olaf,2a01cb0400660300feaa14fffe4447f8.ipv6.abo.wanadoo.fr,_3518,adams.freenode.net
etix,videolan/developer/etix,Ludovic Fauvet,rajaniemi.freenode.net
helpsterTee,107.191.100.21,helpsterTee,weber.freenode.net
caro_,blmx.de,caro,adams.freenode.net
luyikei,2607:ea00:105:1c08:bdd5:b1a2:36b4:51cc,luyikei,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Siggi0904|OFF,2a01:4f8:210:5343::3,Mario Siegmann,rajaniemi.freenode.net
chouquette,videolan/developer/chouquette,Hugo Beauzée-Luyssen,verne.freenode.net
feepk,videolan/developer/feepk,Felix Paul Kühne,barjavel.freenode.net
j-b,storm.l0cal.com,Jean-Baptiste KEMPF,verne.freenode.net
torriz,unaffiliated/torriz,torriz,wilhelm.freenode.net
ircuser-1,158.183-62-69.ftth.swbr.surewest.net,Johnny Von Neumann,weber.freenode.net
rsc,fedora/rsc,Robert Scheck,adams.freenode.net
jubalh,unaffiliated/jubalh,jubalh,leguin.freenode.net
clopez,neutrino.es,clopez,verne.freenode.net
sean,195-154-109-172.rev.poneytelecom.eu,sean,hitchcock.freenode.net
ffledgling,unaffiliated/ffledgling,Anhad Jai Singh,orwell.freenode.net
grift,unaffiliated/grift,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
Wegge,wikimedia/Wegge,Anders Wegge Keller,adams.freenode.net
Frojoe,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe70:bc74,Jordan,niven.freenode.net
david-e_,2-230-204-206.ip203.fastwebnet.it,Davide Viti,adams.freenode.net
cra,about/networking/255.255.255.4/cra,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
fray,192.40.192.95,Mark Hatle,barjavel.freenode.net
raspado,198.8.80.150,raspado,sinisalo.freenode.net
Pharaoh_Atem,47.19.105.250,Conan Kudo,verne.freenode.net
Son_Goku,ool-457cb820.dyn.optonline.net,Neal Gompa,verne.freenode.net
treehug88,cpe-68-173-227-135.nyc.res.rr.com,Textual User,barjavel.freenode.net
orc_orc,lsb/orc-orc,"First Av orc_orc",tepper.freenode.net
alikins,cpe-75-177-176-157.nc.res.rr.com,alikins,karatkievich.freenode.net
gundalow,johnrbarker.com,sloop,karatkievich.freenode.net
sivel,unaffiliated/sivel,sivel,wolfe.freenode.net
Trozz,lon3.external.trozzy.xyz,Michael,adams.freenode.net
jhawkesworth,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-egpbmphsjxrzvpcc,jhawkesworth,karatkievich.freenode.net
mattclay,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kzqwajqbjiapojvb,Matt Clay,adams.freenode.net
dag,pikachu.3ti.be,Dag Wieërs,orwell.freenode.net
jimi|ansible,99.178.152.241,James Cammarata,barjavel.freenode.net
drasti,web.surprise-adoption.de,Drasti,wilhelm.freenode.net
dag-,unaffiliated/dag,Dag Wieers,karatkievich.freenode.net
Qalthos,redhat/Qalthos,Nathaniel Case,barjavel.freenode.net
gregdek,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bbmvpmymunekezyw,Greg DeKoenigsberg,adams.freenode.net
sv--,int13h.nerdhotel.com,Schorsch Viktorowitschki,verne.freenode.net
docschick,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-voesyypgloppkkpa,Sandra Wills,adams.freenode.net
cheGGo,lib64.libcrypt.so,@kaifuzius,wolfe.freenode.net
abadger1999,otoworchard.com,Toshio Kuratomi,adams.freenode.net
LongyanG,15255.s.t4vps.eu,long yang,wolfe.freenode.net
lingruby,ip193.ip-91-134-209.eu,Jacek,wolfe.freenode.net
Wiedzma,there.is.no.place.like.l0calh0st.pl,Wiedzma,wilhelm.freenode.net
fi9o,unaffiliated/fi9o,Mateusz P.,niven.freenode.net
Ad1Tech,s37.linuxpl.com,ad1tech,barjavel.freenode.net
basia_haspetowa,vps.rocik.net,just /me,wilhelm.freenode.net
wincyj_,124.ip-51-254-117.eu,Wincyj_Mnij,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Pawlik,unaffiliated/pawlik,Pablo,wilhelm.freenode.net
TheNumb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-knaufecehuybxuti,TheNumb,asimov.freenode.net
mati75,unaffiliated/mati75,Hakuna matata!,wolfe.freenode.net
Voldenet,unaffiliated/voldenet,Voldenet,barjavel.freenode.net
tombtc,unaffiliated/tombtc,tombtc,niven.freenode.net
klaas,simply.kla.as,klaas,kornbluth.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
schumaml,nat/redhat/x-kzhzksdgfeneccup,Unknown,card.freenode.net
jihisan,dslb-188-097-185-002.188.097.pools.vodafone-ip.de,jihi,leguin.freenode.net
taleon,unaffiliated/taleon,Christian Ruesch,wolfe.freenode.net
analtux,bsdforen.de,Analtux NG http://bsdforen.de,verne.freenode.net
deko,mon.neveragain.de,deko,asimov.freenode.net
datasmurf,unaffiliated/datasmurf,datasmurf,niven.freenode.net
rakor,static.99.53.9.176.clients.your-server.de,rakor,orwell.freenode.net
os23,v22016061875235236.happysrv.de,os,niven.freenode.net
xmj,freebsd/developer/xmj,Johannes Meixner (http://xmj.me/),rajaniemi.freenode.net
xenobyte,unaffiliated/xenobyte,bouncer,wilhelm.freenode.net
mcfloppy_,rsp-design.de,R Specht,weber.freenode.net
shifty64,ente.hawo.stw.uni-erlangen.de,.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
_iwc,static.184.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
hashier,jwchat.org,Christopher Loe,orwell.freenode.net
_Pauli_,84.201.3.30,Pauli,orwell.freenode.net
tboston,2001:1608:10:241::2,tboston,adams.freenode.net
hades,p5B2F64E5.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,hades,rajaniemi.freenode.net
crest,smtp.rlwinm.de,Crest,tepper.freenode.net
sanbiber,unaffiliated/sanbiber,sanbiber,sinisalo.freenode.net
mapet,p57A3C527.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Marc Peters,leguin.freenode.net
dinoex,cpe.602500.kunde.netcomnetz.de,Dirk Meyer,niven.freenode.net
madd,workstation.sauer.ms,Madd Sauer,asimov.freenode.net
kamikaze,smtp.rlwinm.de,Kamikaze,barjavel.freenode.net
strcat_,p549200D7.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Christian 'strcat' Schneider,verne.freenode.net
ledixus,evil-ant-colony.org,ledi,wolfe.freenode.net
Rotluchs_,p5B131ACC.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Rotluchs,card.freenode.net
dubf,ti0272a430-1037.bb.online.no,dubf,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tittof,unaffiliated/tittof,tittof,kornbluth.freenode.net
yggdr,schukraft.eu,yggdrasil,asimov.freenode.net
Cthulhux`,piratenpartei/ni/tux,Rosa Elefant,weber.freenode.net
deathleff,itservice-schaefer.de,Raoul Duke,kornbluth.freenode.net
valeri_ufo,februality.xyz,...,barjavel.freenode.net
hsp,unaffiliated/hsp,Holger Schroeder,wilhelm.freenode.net
ernst,ns306970.ip-94-23-226.eu,nil,orwell.freenode.net
riot_dd,port-92-195-134-80.dynamic.qsc.de,ask me!,weber.freenode.net
kmh,planck.hamich.net,Kai Michael Hamich,tepper.freenode.net
elessar,2001:8d8:1fe:7:fab1:56ff:fec0:a82f,Joerg Pernfuss,wolfe.freenode.net
rMarkus,ip-84-118-164-187.unity-media.net,rMarkus,weber.freenode.net
tcberner,unaffiliated/tcberner,Tobias C. Berner,card.freenode.net
dot|not,188.118.218.98,dotnot,wolfe.freenode.net
ed^term,62.225.184.2,ed,hitchcock.freenode.net
neutric,unaffiliated/neutric,ah,orwell.freenode.net
goblin,78.47.245.105,anonymous,karatkievich.freenode.net
dazm,euve75328.serverprofi24.de,dazm-freenode,adams.freenode.net
kith,unaffiliated/kith,hypocrits!,orwell.freenode.net
joneum,static.22.88.201.138.clients.your-server.de,joneum,asimov.freenode.net
boser,unaffiliated/boser,Internet,card.freenode.net
cosmos,62-47-18-221.adsl.highway.telekom.at,ShalokShalom,hitchcock.freenode.net
foxit,195-202-207-136.dynamic.hispeed.ch,foxit,barjavel.freenode.net
sangyye,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lujzxujcyzgdlirv,Christian Vervoorts,wilhelm.freenode.net
sickboy,77-64-196-134.dynamic.primacom.net,sickboy,leguin.freenode.net
nakal1,port-92-201-72-187.dynamic.qsc.de,nakal,card.freenode.net
namix,unaffiliated/namix,Andreas Beck,niven.freenode.net
s-tlk,s-tlk.org,s-tlk,asimov.freenode.net
double-p,ns2.opc-club.de,what's REAL NAME?,leguin.freenode.net
DrRetro,unaffiliated/bigpapaj,http://blog.drretro.de,niven.freenode.net
apoca,uber.unpatched.de,Benjamin Stier,leguin.freenode.net
worldi,2a02:8071:318b:c500:7254:d2ff:fe16:7cf5,-,sinisalo.freenode.net
Yamagi,108.61.190.189,Yamagi,adams.freenode.net
Wigalois,p200300720E152500020E7BFFFEF049DE.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Gwi von Galois,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Grauwolf,unaffiliated/grauwolf,grauwolf,wolfe.freenode.net
gschwepp,unaffiliated/gschwepp,gschwepp,weber.freenode.net
Chiron|,unaffiliated/chiron/x-6239483,sdoifhsodf,asimov.freenode.net
sjas,stv.legarth.snack-me.de,root,sinisalo.freenode.net
taleon,unaffiliated/taleon,Christian Ruesch,wolfe.freenode.net
midnightmagic,unaffiliated/midnightmagic,midnightmagic,weber.freenode.net
bassguitarman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bvrfdilggursnhnk,Whit,wilhelm.freenode.net
CoJaBo,unaffiliated/cojabo,aztec,adams.freenode.net
ratoder,static.111.19.201.138.clients.your-server.de, Java IRC Bot,asimov.freenode.net
bounce,unaffiliated/bounce,bounce,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gribble,unaffiliated/nanotube/bot/gribble,Supybot 0.83.4.1+gribble (2014-12-21T23:25:09-0500,asimov.freenode.net
ploop,unaffiliated/ruukasu,ploop,barjavel.freenode.net
mariorz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gfpsqhlglwjuopaq,mario romero,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Piper-Off,2a03:b0c0:1:d0::d0:b001,P4rtyV4n,niven.freenode.net
alphaseg,unaffiliated/alphaseg,alpha seg,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rodgort,68.ip-149-56-14.net,rodgort,card.freenode.net
BonyM1,ua-83-227-211-4.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,BonyMs,karatkievich.freenode.net
Olipro,uncyclopedia/pdpc.21for7.olipro,Olipro,adams.freenode.net
teward,ubuntu/member/teward,Thomas Ward,wolfe.freenode.net
altgribble,unaffiliated/rbecker/bot/altgribble,Alternate Gribble Bot - Run by RBecker,verne.freenode.net
RBecker,openvpn/user/RBecker,Ryan B.,card.freenode.net
starsoccer,unaffiliated/starsoccer,starsoccer,asimov.freenode.net
pelegreno___,107.170.175.57,cinch,niven.freenode.net
Guest31961,aggr.com,Mika Pruikkonen,verne.freenode.net
clef,warped.plugh.us,clef,karatkievich.freenode.net
BGL,75-149-171-58-Washington.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,BGLWrK,barjavel.freenode.net
crescendo,unaffiliated/crescendo,mozart,sinisalo.freenode.net
jlfvr,76.74.177.243,user,barjavel.freenode.net
ryan`c,znc.rya.nc,ryan,sinisalo.freenode.net
segy,pdpc/supporter/active/segy,me.,tepper.freenode.net
Colti,2a00:c1e0:0:2:0:1:208:ab5e,unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
Cory,unaffiliated/cory,...,leguin.freenode.net
stux|RC-only,37.48.121.205,stux,verne.freenode.net
cashforbtc,unaffiliated/cashforbtc,cashforbtc,barjavel.freenode.net
Keefe,unaffiliated/keefe,Keefe,card.freenode.net
a5m0,unaffiliated/a5m0,a5m0,asimov.freenode.net
jscinoz,jscinoz.so,Jack Coulter,adams.freenode.net
nanotube,unaffiliated/nanotube,nanotube,asimov.freenode.net
djoot,unaffiliated/djoot,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
SerajewelKS,wikipedia/Crazycomputers,Chris Howie,barjavel.freenode.net
attn1_,c-71-235-145-170.hsd1.ct.comcast.net,attn1,tepper.freenode.net
creepyLurker,tau.shadowchild.nl,attn`,wilhelm.freenode.net
kmdm,unaffiliated/kmdm,me,barjavel.freenode.net
IEF,shadowchild.nl,IEF,card.freenode.net
Racle,pingtimeout.net,Ville Viitaharju,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Zanzibar,unaffiliated/zanzibar,Coffee Is Good For You!,adams.freenode.net
Chris65,yuna.autie.net,Chris,wilhelm.freenode.net
DarthCain_oops,2602:301:7787:4e70:6d69:5375:8237:a66f,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Juggie,unaffiliated/juggie,Juggiefreenode,roddenberry.freenode.net
kunalkushwaha,129.60.39.38,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
garrettux,ec2-174-129-19-107.compute-1.amazonaws.com,mgarrett,niven.freenode.net
aduermael_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wgagsojtrttozzze,Adrien Duermael,wolfe.freenode.net
zimboboyd,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-nxmhfnbezgqdhybw,Zimbo Boyd,leguin.freenode.net
zerkalo,ny1.hashbang.sh,myricae,adams.freenode.net
decay,87-236-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,decay,adams.freenode.net
ldumont,modemcable013.122-131-66.mc.videotron.ca,Laurent Dumont,sinisalo.freenode.net
_hanhart,static.141.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,barjavel.freenode.net
Syconaut,c-719be655.015-499-6b6c6d1.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,viper,karatkievich.freenode.net
hazmat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pctrtzyrksftopqx,Kapil Thangavelu,leguin.freenode.net
SvenDowideit,foswiki/developer/SvenDowideit,Sven Dowideit,weber.freenode.net
ehazlett,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yyskaxhawvqhywxn,Evan,adams.freenode.net
programmerq,unaffiliated/programmerq,jefferya,hitchcock.freenode.net
dtzWill,unaffiliated/dtzwill,Will Dietz,verne.freenode.net
Tebro,2001:41d0:a:15e8::1,Tebro,niven.freenode.net
carc,unaffiliated/carc,carc,karatkievich.freenode.net
lewq,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mtmnkmqsutrrzbwk,Luke Marsden,wilhelm.freenode.net
tty`_,AGrenoble-652-1-425-32.w90-42.abo.wanadoo.fr,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
Ishmayeck,n0t.today,Jacob Bobson,barjavel.freenode.net
madhu_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-aoeiadkrbzbopitk,Madhu Venugopal,wolfe.freenode.net
L0j1k,unaffiliated/l0j1k,L0j1k,adams.freenode.net
alexlist,bjoerk.list.priv.at,Alexander List,sinisalo.freenode.net
electrical,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xbescjrhmeuizgvg,Richard Pijnenburg,wilhelm.freenode.net
Puck`,unaffiliated/go,This is IRC. Not Real World,hitchcock.freenode.net
zas,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hkbgbetcvyiqueks,Laurent Monin,adams.freenode.net
MalteJ,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tlkjrqfzihvdbxxr,Malte,leguin.freenode.net
SvenDowideit_,foswiki/developer/SvenDowideit,Sven Dowideit,barjavel.freenode.net
stefanfoulis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rbhcdaysirduedfz,Stefan Foulis,adams.freenode.net
bapalm,96-42-248-149.dhcp.roch.mn.charter.com,se_brandon,hitchcock.freenode.net
bchroneos,hipste.rs,a pioneer of aerodynamics,weber.freenode.net
shykes,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-soakhuxehtlwonzl,Solomon Hykes,wilhelm.freenode.net
sj__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qsmvhbnpanmsreto,Scott,niven.freenode.net
warpx,warp-x.com,warpx,orwell.freenode.net
Guest44848,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eixbehqwljnuayjd,gdevillele,karatkievich.freenode.net
edge226,unaffiliated/edge226,Edge,karatkievich.freenode.net
railswebdev,12.227.151.19,Rails Dev,leguin.freenode.net
io_syl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cjmwpzjkazwkpnna,io_syl,wilhelm.freenode.net
munhitsu_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ihdnbizmxsifumgn,Mateusz Lapsa-Malawski,wolfe.freenode.net
imouto,2a03:b0c0:2:d0::19:5001,Victorique de Blois,niven.freenode.net
jayfk,p4FF5C1D2.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,jayfk,weber.freenode.net
lazybear,radium.atom.fi,lazybear,asimov.freenode.net
davidmichaelkarr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tezyzlnokywfggux,David M. Karr,adams.freenode.net
SoreGums,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-munpgltkizawtene,SoreGums,wilhelm.freenode.net
dmp42,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-chpfgsigmvxnzecb,Olivier Gambier,adams.freenode.net
permalac,hx-dnat-243.ebi.ac.uk,realname,leguin.freenode.net
iaglium,45.63.76.107,iaglium,barjavel.freenode.net
LongyanG,15255.s.t4vps.eu,long yang,wolfe.freenode.net
rossdm,unaffiliated/rossdm,Ross Martin,hitchcock.freenode.net
tophj,tophj.us,Got ZNC?,barjavel.freenode.net
dmcg,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nafmuqovpxychpzy,Derek McGowan,verne.freenode.net
T-Co,0c.fi,Antti Rintala,hitchcock.freenode.net
squaremo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-blmqhgaredndegww,Michael Bridgen,wolfe.freenode.net
vieux,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ptrgxpfkjfllekkt,Victor Vieux,adams.freenode.net
nishant__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uuaetsgwlpokqrvf,nishant__,karatkievich.freenode.net
cpuguy83,159.203.135.102,Brian Goff,card.freenode.net
moul,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mnodhmntplbtvzrx,moul,karatkievich.freenode.net
bfirsh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bnrxuxrznyubryma,Ben Firshman,wilhelm.freenode.net
LargePixels,ec2-52-4-179-143.compute-1.amazonaws.com,EC2 Default User,card.freenode.net
Ludo_,obelix.zoxx.net,Ludovic Francois,asimov.freenode.net
t-my,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gcezopnvanporons,Tuomas-Matti Soikkeli,wolfe.freenode.net
InAnimaTe,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fvvpiyrmdksziqvq,inanimate,adams.freenode.net
erkules,pdpc/supporter/professional/erkules,erkan,asimov.freenode.net
duglin,ps29677.dreamhost.com,Doug Davis,orwell.freenode.net
soosfarm,2001:1448:0:a503:915b:c5bc:a366:1fb7,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
thaJeztah,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-baauzwfatxmoeuch,Sebastiaan van Stijn,leguin.freenode.net
tibor,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tuqmtnctodiuptah,Tibor Vass,adams.freenode.net
slajax,S01066c709fd7243f.vn.shawcable.net,slajax,weber.freenode.net
tombee,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-poyuxhdnbesluqhr,Tom Barlow,wilhelm.freenode.net
tty`,AGrenoble-652-1-425-32.w90-42.abo.wanadoo.fr,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
hekman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wqcrqixqbiqdhpcz,Ben Belchak,hitchcock.freenode.net
atomi,71-83-179-177.dhcp.lnbh.ca.charter.com,atomi,verne.freenode.net
andersh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pdwdnmweetjlzctr,Anders Hansson,adams.freenode.net
md_5,mcdevs/trusted/md-5,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
marcelh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-opcduzzfyvjmkdug,Marcel,wolfe.freenode.net
boonkerz,static.130.78.9.5.clients.your-server.de,Peterson",niven.freenode.net
ddollar,heroku/staff/pdpc.professional.ddollar,ddollar,karatkievich.freenode.net
jga,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tkivfwcnbaqwxtdv,Greg,wilhelm.freenode.net
bradjones,unaffiliated/jab,Bradley Jones,tepper.freenode.net
jaitaiwan,node.djcentric.com,Dan Holmes,roddenberry.freenode.net
chamunks,zeus.entityreborn.com,chamunks,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hoodow,pdpc/supporter/active/hoodow,Ole Riesenberg,niven.freenode.net
abronan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jthhruntzxslvtqs,Alexandre Beslic,adams.freenode.net
voxxit,2604:a880:1:20::1e5:900f,Josh Delsman,roddenberry.freenode.net
[0__0],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me/,orwell.freenode.net
aluzzardi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bsmhteahmftscgyj,Andrea Luzzardi,adams.freenode.net
multiply,unaffiliated/multiply,Jens Ulrich Hjuler Pedersen,adams.freenode.net
early,68.ip-149-56-14.net,early,orwell.freenode.net
superdump,unaffiliated/superdump,Robert Swain,wolfe.freenode.net
fkautz,pdpc/supporter/student/qv,fkautz,wolfe.freenode.net
joshwget,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-agvtcxffpipmzwbi,Josh Curl,adams.freenode.net
garndt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fwmrcfwxvjvaihev,Greg A.,wilhelm.freenode.net
dong___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qvwihtbmtxlwwpmm,Dong Chen,leguin.freenode.net
kumavis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bcneqvjffngnkbuq,aaron,adams.freenode.net
olujicz,unaffiliated/olujicz,Zoran Olujic,niven.freenode.net
keesh,185.21.218.134,noname,wolfe.freenode.net
Yakulu,163-172-24-78.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Fabien,wolfe.freenode.net
techntoke__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sqjqrxwuefmepfaz,techntoke__,adams.freenode.net
eliqiao,192.55.46.38,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
devhoag,coder.firrre.com,Will Hoag,rajaniemi.freenode.net
robtec,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zpkfafpdxwgmmezm,Rob,wolfe.freenode.net
xeredosta|Off,znc.blackout.pw,I AM EPIC,leguin.freenode.net
lexAngeles,ec2-52-90-90-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Lex Angeles,card.freenode.net
BlackoutIsHere|O,znc.blackout.pw,BlackoutIsHere-freenode,wilhelm.freenode.net
iamtew,stupid.systems,Mikael,weber.freenode.net
simont,unaffiliated/simont,nplus,verne.freenode.net
jacktrip,199.180.255.253,Buh,asimov.freenode.net
prooz,eddie.slaskete.net,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
momoterr1w,s206-116-9-145.bc.hsia.telus.net,momoterraw,rajaniemi.freenode.net
CornishPasty,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bkirbvtezxllqxyr,David White,adams.freenode.net
betawaffle,ec2-174-129-19-107.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Andrew Hodges,asimov.freenode.net
divine,2001:470:8247:1::31,divine,adams.freenode.net
Xe,infoforcefeed/Xe,Xe,weber.freenode.net
a|3x,50-196-13-81-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,realname,weber.freenode.net
udryan10,45.55.149.30,root,niven.freenode.net
hazmat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pctrtzyrksftopqx,Kapil Thangavelu,leguin.freenode.net
SvenDowideit,foswiki/developer/SvenDowideit,Sven Dowideit,weber.freenode.net
prg3,S01066c3b6b17c371.ed.shawcable.net,prg3,rajaniemi.freenode.net
g5pw,mittelab/sudo/g5pw,Aljaž Srebrnič,karatkievich.freenode.net
aarwine,cpe-76-91-197-142.socal.res.rr.com,aarwine,weber.freenode.net
Fresleven,shell.whilefork.com,Daniel Dreier,weber.freenode.net
philips,opensuse/member/philipsb,Brandon Philips,wilhelm.freenode.net
Tebro,2001:41d0:a:15e8::1,Tebro,niven.freenode.net
lewq,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mtmnkmqsutrrzbwk,Luke Marsden,wilhelm.freenode.net
ahfeel,195-154-211-74.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
vincent99,2604:a880:1:20::1e5:9000,Vincent Fiduccia,karatkievich.freenode.net
knutix,HSI-KBW-078-042-065-045.hsi3.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de,Textual User,orwell.freenode.net
Puck`,unaffiliated/go,This is IRC. Not Real World,hitchcock.freenode.net
dham1,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bctcjfvliwfkhsvs,dham1,wilhelm.freenode.net
seglberg,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xcwezpegjtlksood,seglberg,hitchcock.freenode.net
Crazy_Hopper,speedtest.volia.net,Eugene Paskevich,weber.freenode.net
fscala,unaffiliated/fscala,Fabio Scala,tepper.freenode.net
traxo-xx,static.21.81.9.5.clients.your-server.de,traxo,asimov.freenode.net
SvenDowideit_,foswiki/developer/SvenDowideit,Sven Dowideit,barjavel.freenode.net
NightMonkey,pdpc/supporter/professional/nightmonkey,Jesse Adelman,asimov.freenode.net
Elizabeth,spy/botters.Eliz,Elizabeth,weber.freenode.net
blackwell,45.76.30.62,blackwell,weber.freenode.net
stefanfoulis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rbhcdaysirduedfz,Stefan Foulis,adams.freenode.net
slide,unaffiliated/slide,slide,weber.freenode.net
rofl_____,kvest.supereye.org,rofl,weber.freenode.net
Whipstickgostop,li916-95.members.linode.com,Johnny Extreme,adams.freenode.net
adev,AVVO-INC.ear2.Seattle1.Level3.net,A Dev,karatkievich.freenode.net
anosh,unaffiliated/anosh,Anosh,barjavel.freenode.net
Mo0O,unaffiliated/mo0o,steeve,niven.freenode.net
Igel,cjdns.io,Frei wie ein Igel,asimov.freenode.net
tubaguy,2604:a880:800:a1::16:e001,tubaguy,niven.freenode.net
prologic,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lemuiyjwmurxddaf,James Mills,adams.freenode.net
warpx,warp-x.com,warpx,orwell.freenode.net
lyncos,stjnpq9312w-lp140-01-70-52-38-122.dsl.bell.ca,purple,asimov.freenode.net
aliem,frenzart.com,Lor,barjavel.freenode.net
Freek,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qrscnrgdldqkwlag,Seth,wolfe.freenode.net
paultech,unaffiliated/paultech,*Unknown*,niven.freenode.net
ipsecguy,dslb-092-073-021-138.092.073.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Andreas,tepper.freenode.net
Nukien,162.250.233.55,Got ZNC?,niven.freenode.net
thehar,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe93:36b7,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
railswebdev,12.227.151.19,Rails Dev,leguin.freenode.net
innergy_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gtzugnghydssdzjx,innergy,wolfe.freenode.net
rlex,ns317403.ip-188-165-207.eu,Lex Rivera,adams.freenode.net
AphelionZ,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-brnaogvxwzhyvmzu,AphelionZ,sinisalo.freenode.net
Zerberus,msg.sys5.org,3headed hound,kornbluth.freenode.net
mattaitchison,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zbvreyxkhvwonard,Matt Aitchison,wilhelm.freenode.net
ruimarinho,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-xmcfckkvtxudityh,ruimarinho,sinisalo.freenode.net
whiteadam,173-16-24-39.client.mchsi.com,Adam White,verne.freenode.net
icedev,0x62.de,Manuel Herrmann,card.freenode.net
ricky26,teamfrag.net,Ricky Taylor,niven.freenode.net
[diecast],gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cckubxpvrmbjsoda,diecast,wilhelm.freenode.net
underyx,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::58:7001,Bence Nagy,karatkievich.freenode.net
yo61,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ruqcscsymbjjlrum,Robin Bowes,adams.freenode.net
benoitc,couchdb/committer/pdpc.active.benoitc,benoitc,niven.freenode.net
megal0maniac,unaffiliated/megal0maniac,Michael,wolfe.freenode.net
SoreGums,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-munpgltkizawtene,SoreGums,wilhelm.freenode.net
streaky,pdpc/supporter/professional/streaky,streaky,adams.freenode.net
jefrite,45.63.76.107,jef rite,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sawtooth,shuzo.dexterous.org,Convos v0.99_15,orwell.freenode.net
zyxep,zyxep.net,zyxep,verne.freenode.net
momoterraw,office.iproperty.ca,realname,asimov.freenode.net
kragniz,nyaa.kragniz.eu,kragniz,asimov.freenode.net
LiftedKilt,unaffiliated/liftedkilt,Harry Hweyvos,wilhelm.freenode.net
classicsnail,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe96:d3c0,David Jericho,niven.freenode.net
a5m0,unaffiliated/a5m0,a5m0,asimov.freenode.net
claflico,68-113-202-131.dhcp.ftwo.tx.charter.com,Adium User,barjavel.freenode.net
BlackMaria,dsl.198.58.160.53.ebox.ca,BlackMaria,adams.freenode.net
cduchesne,duchesne.us,Chris Duchesne,orwell.freenode.net
ViperZ28,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-afrgajrrfbbwhzqb,Mike Carr,adams.freenode.net
tx,pdpc/supporter/professional/texta,texta,niven.freenode.net
MadWasp,2a01:4f8:101:3004::2,jniebuhr,niven.freenode.net
moul,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mnodhmntplbtvzrx,moul,karatkievich.freenode.net
telx,172.110.30.90,telx,wolfe.freenode.net
Fishfish0001,atlantic.kelp.in,Fishfish0001,leguin.freenode.net
SirFunk,198.199.78.27,Sir Funk,adams.freenode.net
s1lvester,unaffiliated/s1lvester,s1lvester,wolfe.freenode.net
InAnimaTe,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fvvpiyrmdksziqvq,inanimate,adams.freenode.net
uidzer0,168.235.65.160,uidzer0,karatkievich.freenode.net
Iveson,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nwgvbthrogrnnwrf,Matti Dupre,adams.freenode.net
lonix,alpha.lonix.me,Stian Larsen,karatkievich.freenode.net
jrosengren,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-agztjampfpcvyhzb,Jeremy Rosengren,karatkievich.freenode.net
z1mme,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::7:400f,zimme,niven.freenode.net
thaJeztah,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-baauzwfatxmoeuch,Sebastiaan van Stijn,leguin.freenode.net
tibor,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tuqmtnctodiuptah,Tibor Vass,adams.freenode.net
yjmsf20,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-owdanojxnjngdydx,yjmsf20,card.freenode.net
Madgod,unaffiliated/diewelt,Sheogorath - Daedric prince of madness,wilhelm.freenode.net
_ChauffeR,unaffiliated/chauffer,simone,barjavel.freenode.net
Reepicheep,unaffiliated/reepicheep,Reepicheep,asimov.freenode.net
petems,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hnexogfaocvxjpud,Peter Souter,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bascht53,atria.uberspace.de,Bascht,karatkievich.freenode.net
tobias-,fotobias.se,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
andyshinn,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pvvhnwhqwkqqbbpo,Andy Shinn,wilhelm.freenode.net
taimaishu,142-254-34-130.dsl.dynamic.sonic.net,Adium User,wilhelm.freenode.net
AppStore,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zezoncuvvgyessmt,AppStore,adams.freenode.net
yopp,gw1.yopp.in,yopp,orwell.freenode.net
DigitalFlux,unaffiliated/digitalflux,Ahmed ElGamil,orwell.freenode.net
momoterraw_,162.243.76.29,John Doe,orwell.freenode.net
pkiller,unaffiliated/pkiller,pkiller,weber.freenode.net
ingard_,tu.rd.vc,space,asimov.freenode.net
gattuso,gruppoculturale.it,Silvio Berlusconi,asimov.freenode.net
kireevco,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jneiddsxlcmqmycq,Dmitry Kireev,wilhelm.freenode.net
marcelh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-opcduzzfyvjmkdug,Marcel,wolfe.freenode.net
aze_,unaffiliated/aze,aze,leguin.freenode.net
ArchiFleKs,ocelot.vsense.fr,ArchiFleKs,adams.freenode.net
p6,nyc.frozen.cc,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
chamunks,zeus.entityreborn.com,chamunks,rajaniemi.freenode.net
iangcarroll,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sbkfvvassrwrkbmi,Ian Carroll,niven.freenode.net
jab416171,c-76-27-96-12.hsd1.ut.comcast.net,J B,card.freenode.net
benjamio,40.117.145.225,benjamio,card.freenode.net
xinity_,104.236.203.164,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
jeefy,195-154-73-194.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Jeefy,leguin.freenode.net
[b__b],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,BotBot.me,wolfe.freenode.net
blackjid,open.source.supporter.firrre.com,blackjid,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kha0Z,108.170.26.210,khaos,,,,adams.freenode.net
flaccid,unaffiliated/flaccid,Chris Fordham,wolfe.freenode.net
nitrix,unaffiliated/nitrix,Alex Belanger,karatkievich.freenode.net
Joran,178.62.81.193,Got ZNC?,kornbluth.freenode.net
BuBU29,asg.azurhost.net,BuBU,hitchcock.freenode.net
joshwget,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-agvtcxffpipmzwbi,Josh Curl,adams.freenode.net
derf-,2600:3c03:e000:208::1,derf,wolfe.freenode.net
Nicofuma,phpbb/developer/nicofuma,Tristan Darricau,asimov.freenode.net
lkannan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mycolzcaxuenzcty,L K,wilhelm.freenode.net
_laco,static.183.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,laco,weber.freenode.net
slowest,ec2-52-209-107-40.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,slowest,karatkievich.freenode.net
jonpugh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jcmwrgykbdazeozi,Jon Pugh,adams.freenode.net
WesleyL,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-egnffpmuqfyhrtue,Wesley L,adams.freenode.net
Yakulu,163-172-24-78.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Fabien,wolfe.freenode.net
iron_houzi,188.166.57.100,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
mfournier,2001:4b98:dc2:41:216:3eff:fe6d:dc0b,Marc Fournier,leguin.freenode.net
tsunamie,ec2-54-218-82-59.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,J,barjavel.freenode.net
ddv,unaffiliated/ddv,ddv,wolfe.freenode.net
ewindisch,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lyalgyotxybbdiqj,Eric Windisch,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MillerBoss,107.191.50.190,Boss Miller,asimov.freenode.net
robtec,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zpkfafpdxwgmmezm,Rob,wolfe.freenode.net
MSHughes,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jfoxsvzozxwzapua,Msh,wolfe.freenode.net
NTAuthority,2a01:4f8:150:62e2:dead:ca3e:c0de:1337,NTAuthority,niven.freenode.net
noproto,powergrid.xyz,root,asimov.freenode.net
Kyth,albicollis.berigora.net,Kythyria Tieran,verne.freenode.net
pendo324,2604:a880:800:10::3cd:f001,pendo,karatkievich.freenode.net
dx,unaffiliated/dxdx,dx,niven.freenode.net
advcomp2019,unaffiliated/advcomp2019,realname,asimov.freenode.net
Rai-chan,unaffiliated/slipstream,Riley Andersen,karatkievich.freenode.net
dos-freak,zentarim.0wnz.at,leecher,rajaniemi.freenode.net
TReKiE,104.152.208.144,TReKiE,card.freenode.net
bijyjbu,nat2-mtl03.vmpanel.net,akmnlrse,adams.freenode.net
href,Sade.random.sh,href,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
der_voron,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.50.108.255.96,der_voron,orwell.freenode.net
infidelpig_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-obwudzxhhszmlfvl,I. P. Freeley,wilhelm.freenode.net
Espreon,wesnoth/developer/espreon,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
mariusz,54.ip-51-255-39.eu,Mariusz,orwell.freenode.net
cxreg,62.f9.1243.static.theplanet.com,Dave O,weber.freenode.net
orliesaurus,ec2-52-89-143-177.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,a,weber.freenode.net
jdcauley,192.34.61.224,jordan,adams.freenode.net
hasker,2001:67c:578:3::40,hasker,wolfe.freenode.net
JohnX,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe50:3ac4,John,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cardoni,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lreihkgcubymznmz,Greg Cardoni,hitchcock.freenode.net
teward,ubuntu/member/teward,Thomas Ward,wolfe.freenode.net
^8^,unaffiliated/tsimonq2/bot/battie,Supybot 0.83.4.1,tepper.freenode.net
tsimonq2,ubuntu/member/tsimonq2,Simon Quigley,karatkievich.freenode.net
Avenzoar,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-hhlmhngiflvleark,Avenzoar,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
wxl,linuxpadawan/master/wxl,http://polka.bike,adams.freenode.net
belkinsa,ubuntu/member/belkinsa,Svetlana Belkin,karatkievich.freenode.net
Nightrose,kde/lydia,Lydia Pintscher,tepper.freenode.net
oini,gateway/shell/kde/x-stoyvurxkjiuonvd,Oindrila Gupta,niven.freenode.net
Mamarok,amarok/team/mamarok,Myriam Schweingruber,adams.freenode.net
gonyere,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ghcvyfaymlbenwgg,Emily Gonyer,adams.freenode.net
sgclark,ubuntu/member/sgclark,Scarlett Clark,adams.freenode.net
ahoneybun,ubuntu/member/ahoneybun,Aaron Honeycutt,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
valorie,amarok/team/valorie,Valorie Zimmerman,adams.freenode.net
jonatoni,irc.jwf.io,Jona Azizaj,verne.freenode.net
justJanne,kuschku.de,Janne Koschinski: https://kuschku.de/,wilhelm.freenode.net
canllaith,118-92-99-238.dsl.dyn.ihug.co.nz,canllaith,adams.freenode.net
camilasan,2a02:8109:a4bf:fe85:fc35:294:a3ef:6ea9,Camila Ayres,adams.freenode.net
AciD`,unaffiliated/acid/x-7368316,gni,tepper.freenode.net
amichair,line134-103.adsl.actcom.co.il,amichair,karatkievich.freenode.net
blazeworx,unaffiliated/blazeworx,Alex Carter,barjavel.freenode.net
rawzone,0139101716.2.fullrate.ninja,Ask,asimov.freenode.net
Twiebie,jimi.cloud.tilaa.com,Twiebie,wilhelm.freenode.net
chrisml,unaffiliated/chrisml,chris,card.freenode.net
asteele,192.77.237.216,Andrew Steele,verne.freenode.net
clemf,c-50-139-41-63.hsd1.or.comcast.net,Textual User,orwell.freenode.net
Siegfried,2607:f470:6:3003:5947:dd14:bbed:8bc7,Textual User,leguin.freenode.net
Calinou,unaffiliated/calinou,Calinou,hitchcock.freenode.net
dobson,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dobson,weber.freenode.net
nilsi,192.241.174.126,nilsi,hitchcock.freenode.net
jeremykendall_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gptmkdfnxvhhznnb,Jeremy Kendall,wilhelm.freenode.net
w33ble,elastic/staff/w33ble,w33ble,wilhelm.freenode.net
Dev0n,unaffiliated/dev0n,Dev0n,barjavel.freenode.net
siba,60-242-28-48.static.tpgi.com.au,Textual User,card.freenode.net
jeppech,i.know.h4x.sh,jeppech,card.freenode.net
makije,x1-6-00-1c-c0-9b-7b-3b.cpe.webspeed.dk,makije,niven.freenode.net
ahihi,62-78-227-61.bb.dnainternet.fi,Miranda,orwell.freenode.net
lempa,213.226.179.39,Mindaugas Ž,verne.freenode.net
slajax,S01066c709fd7243f.vn.shawcable.net,slajax,weber.freenode.net
hazardous,openvpn/user/hazardous,User &,asimov.freenode.net
mrogne_afk,unaffiliated/judgypants,judgypants,weber.freenode.net
daekano,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe73:8f69,daekano,wilhelm.freenode.net
vemacs,unaffiliated/vemacs,vemacs,wolfe.freenode.net
mattstauffer_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oftuxjogsvbcnxal,Matt Stauffer,adams.freenode.net
dyce_,ns3290920.ip-5-135-184.eu,otr,weber.freenode.net
cannap,1.ipv6.aegir.superbnc.com,cannap superbnc.com,wilhelm.freenode.net
ccolorado,198.57.44.115,ccolorado,card.freenode.net
styles,unaffiliated/styles,styles,adams.freenode.net
hugo`,freigeist.io,hugo,asimov.freenode.net
machty,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vkiuhyjzczcasfud,Alex Matchneer,wilhelm.freenode.net
wallyduchamp,2604:180:2:406::42db,danielxvu,wilhelm.freenode.net
Akufen,unaffiliated/akufen,Akufen,card.freenode.net
eshlox,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rszjvcrvrnvpavuk,Przemysław Kołodziejczyk,wilhelm.freenode.net
fimdomeio,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:feb0:a64a,fimdomeio,niven.freenode.net
r3x5,162.243.217.122,xx,barjavel.freenode.net
IronY,unaffiliated/irony,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
Taronyu,176.56.238.52,Zander,sinisalo.freenode.net
TaylorOtwell,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zdfwwmwiajonpfbx,Taylor Otwell,weber.freenode.net
terkelg,46.101.124.177,Terkel,barjavel.freenode.net
carloratm,137.ip-92-222-83.eu,Carlo Ascani,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bigbluehat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-skewvceaclsgzyxr,BigBlueHat,barjavel.freenode.net
subsonik,2001:4c50:14d:e300:85ee:6543:1f89:fd93,Hardy Erlinger,wilhelm.freenode.net
g4k,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sltmumzprwlhqqyk,g4k,adams.freenode.net
strass,tomenet.skepticalfamily.com,strass,adams.freenode.net
cmosguy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uzebtlzbcjcpaiph,Adam Klein,weber.freenode.net
stephank,unaffiliated/stephank,Stéphan Kochen,wolfe.freenode.net
tomshreds,192.34.58.130,shreds,adams.freenode.net
lamarus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rljrthlonqukjefd,Brian Retterer (stormpath),hitchcock.freenode.net
jcp__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yssdervostskwzzu,alex,leguin.freenode.net
fiddlerwoaroof,unaffiliated/fiddlerwoaroof,Anonymous,verne.freenode.net
phl,46.101.188.62,philipp,asimov.freenode.net
howitdo,unaffiliated/howitdo,howitdo,sinisalo.freenode.net
paolo,unaffiliated/paolo,Paolo Dina,adams.freenode.net
ulph,h156n9-u-a31.ias.bredband.telia.com,ulph,leguin.freenode.net
Howard_,118-163-101-60.HINET-IP.hinet.net,realname,tepper.freenode.net
Dawgora,188.166.160.240,Austris,karatkievich.freenode.net
xiplias,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wfexsxpwhzkuydce,Anders Borre Hansen,wilhelm.freenode.net
sol1x,ip5f5ac3ee.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,sol1x,adams.freenode.net
Watercressed,104.236.170.243,Watercressed,hitchcock.freenode.net
feep,p200300D4FBC72580E6B62BFAA755C774.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Feep,wolfe.freenode.net
feepbot,p579AC753.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,feepbot,orwell.freenode.net
Burnin8,pool-108-56-208-224.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Trogdor,verne.freenode.net
FourFire,81.4.122.176,FourFire,wilhelm.freenode.net
ArvinJA,web208.webfaction.com,ArvinJA,hitchcock.freenode.net
Vulture_,2602:304:b095:dfb0:a835:ecf1:3a97:95f4,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
yorick,oftn/oswg-member/yorick,Yorick,barjavel.freenode.net
bossjones,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oukwsmirmtxkulty,bossjones,wolfe.freenode.net
bapalm,96-42-248-149.dhcp.roch.mn.charter.com,se_brandon,hitchcock.freenode.net
logger[psha],195.135.238.205,logger[psha],rajaniemi.freenode.net
KGB-wlo,71-218-152-124.hlrn.qwest.net,KGB bot,wolfe.freenode.net
jepler,afk.unpythonic.net,Jeff Epler,verne.freenode.net
stustev,helixmachine.com,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
CaptHindsight,unaffiliated/capthindsight,realname,asimov.freenode.net
Gaston|Home,rosie.office.tw.ly,NoOne,rajaniemi.freenode.net
seb_kuzminsky,71-218-152-124.hlrn.qwest.net,seb,card.freenode.net
Khetzal,sierra.khetzal.info,Dimitri Khetzal,wolfe.freenode.net
bpuk,boopotter.plus.com,...,verne.freenode.net
Connor,71.203.255.220,purple,asimov.freenode.net
linuxcnc-build_,71-218-152-124.hlrn.qwest.net,None,leguin.freenode.net
KGB-linuxcnc,git.linuxcnc.org,KGB bot,adams.freenode.net
pcw_home,c-50-143-148-115.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,New Now Know How,barjavel.freenode.net
archivist,host81-149-189-98.in-addr.btopenworld.com,archivist,wilhelm.freenode.net
steve_stallings,wsip-70-182-2-252.dc.dc.cox.net,Steve Stallings,verne.freenode.net
jmk-mcfaul_,2602:306:37ea:8560:260:97ff:fe20:c59d,John Kasunich,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cradek,outpost.timeguy.com,Chris Radek,verne.freenode.net
kwallace_ofcb,162.222.30.253,purple,karatkievich.freenode.net
the_wench,81.149.189.98,Net_SmartIRC Client 1.0.0 ($Revision: 1.54.2.14 $),card.freenode.net
hm2-buildmaster,71-218-152-124.hlrn.qwest.net,None,orwell.freenode.net
KimK,2600:8803:7a85:6d00:3826:c6db:c833:12af,Kim Kirwan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MarkusBec,80.69.39.131,Markus Bechtold,niven.freenode.net
alex4nder,ec2-52-33-60-95.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Alexander Guy,wolfe.freenode.net
Patang,cm-84.208.100.218.getinternet.no,freenode,asimov.freenode.net
mozmck,67.210.159.94,purple,sinisalo.freenode.net
pcw_mesa,99.88.10.65,New Now Know How,karatkievich.freenode.net
jthornton,198.45.191.246,realname,asimov.freenode.net
Tom_L,unaffiliated/toml/x-013812,Tom,asimov.freenode.net
skunkworks,str-broadband-ccmts-ws-26.dsl.airstreamcomm.net,skunkworks,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zlog,ip68-102-196-26.ks.ok.cox.net,zlog,card.freenode.net
alex_joni,emc/board-of-directors/alexjoni,Alex,weber.freenode.net
mal``,68.ip-149-56-14.net,mal``,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Einherjer,69.64.40.177,Viking,leguin.freenode.net
JT-Shop,198.45.191.246,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
ve7it,S010648f8b3c3bc3b.pk.shawcable.net,Lawrence Glaister,leguin.freenode.net
alanr,c-24-9-30-197.hsd1.co.comcast.net,Alan Robertson,wolfe.freenode.net
Micromus,alexis.lart.no,Stian Ovrevage,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ballock,194.181.150.131,Bolesław Tokarski,orwell.freenode.net
Psy-Q,psy-q.ch,Psy-Q,adams.freenode.net
agrajag,galene.dead4cheap.com,agrajag,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Svedrin,elwing.funzt-halt.net,Michael Ziegler,adams.freenode.net
bliu_,nat/novell/x-pnvqsgfgqlpqjxsm,bliu,weber.freenode.net
fyxim,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-swrtgzatqokorjjq,fyxim_,wilhelm.freenode.net
Timson,unaffiliated/timson,Timson,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Starman,unaffiliated/starman,starman125,niven.freenode.net
cmpitg,unaffiliated/cmpitg,Duong Nguyen,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
gokien-bot,2401:e800:9000:0:f020:3ecf:8e76:e49d,Supybot 0.83.4.1,wilhelm.freenode.net
tuanta,101.96.104.84,Truong Anh Tuan,leguin.freenode.net
myguidingstar,107.170.244.97,Got ZNC?,asimov.freenode.net
stooj,181.198.151.122.dynamic.dsl.dv.iprimus.net.au,Stoo,adams.freenode.net
nirvdrum,apache/committer/nirvdrum,Kevin Menard,barjavel.freenode.net
eghm,mail.geekfarm.org,yafn,verne.freenode.net
drags,69.65.60.13,drags,asimov.freenode.net
niQo,weborama-gw1.ter1.tc3.par.cust.as8218.eu,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
Tad3j_,188-230-151-236.dynamic.t-2.net,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
kriskropd,unaffiliated/kriskropd,kris,card.freenode.net
stephend,2620:101:8016:74::5:54,Stephen Donner,wolfe.freenode.net
noahsussman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xthvkggarctofomf,Noah Sussman,wolfe.freenode.net
ntzor,164.215.31.147,ntzor,tepper.freenode.net
Ravindra,gateway/web/freenode/ip.192.114.149.14,192.114.149.14 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
MS_Selenium,ec2-54-172-235-252.compute-1.amazonaws.com,MS_Selenium,karatkievich.freenode.net
holdsworth,unaffiliated/holdsworth,holdsworth,wilhelm.freenode.net
JC_SoCal,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bxlwdvlyijmbvcgh,MoMo,verne.freenode.net
robinsmidsrod,rs.smidsrod.no,Robin Smidsrød,niven.freenode.net
reisi,ec2-54-194-66-54.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Joonas Koivunen,asimov.freenode.net
afx237,107.170.10.178,c'mon you cunt, lets have some aphex acid,verne.freenode.net
marmotworks,66-90-214-102.dyn.grandenetworks.net,marmotworks,asimov.freenode.net
juangj,104.132.1.70,Jason Juang,wilhelm.freenode.net
m13d_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kxfcfgpoykfykjpv,Mark Oosterveld,adams.freenode.net
hebroon,131.90.30.125.dy.iij4u.or.jp,hebroon,rajaniemi.freenode.net
awda,lata.st,Ada Lovelace,rajaniemi.freenode.net
BWBellairs,botters/BWBellairs,i am totally bwbellairs,wolfe.freenode.net
lucast-sl,138.68.30.44,Join on Slack: http://seleniumhq.herokuapp.com,barjavel.freenode.net
aaron-em,znc.aaron-miller.me,Miller",niven.freenode.net
moo-_-,lakka.kapsi.fi,Mikko Ohtamaa http://opensourcehacker.com,karatkievich.freenode.net
LostSoul,78-11-228-60.static.ip.netia.com.pl,LostSoul,wilhelm.freenode.net
avib,gateway/web/freenode/ip.98.158.206.121,98.158.206.121 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
titusfortner-sl,138.68.30.44,Join on Slack: http://seleniumhq.herokuapp.com,barjavel.freenode.net
slackbot6,138.68.30.44,Join on Slack: http://seleniumhq.herokuapp.com,barjavel.freenode.net
Sithyrra,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kifwjxkuinlgbyvm,Sithyrra,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kitty-,hpavc/Kitty,Unknown,card.freenode.net
badeball,178.62.251.19,Jonas Amundsen,wolfe.freenode.net
lilalinuxHamburg,80.69.39.131,Max Mustermann,niven.freenode.net
asm89,unaffiliated/asm89,Alexander,karatkievich.freenode.net
dham1,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bctcjfvliwfkhsvs,dham1,wilhelm.freenode.net
dyce_,ns3290920.ip-5-135-184.eu,otr,weber.freenode.net
Druid05,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wpqvzwyjqmnuixda,Druid,leguin.freenode.net
tobie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jtvduwimryemhsmf,Tobie Langel,wolfe.freenode.net
snelly,sable.island.nu,Golden teeth and golden tones.,weber.freenode.net
vbernat,2a01:4f8:130:64e3::14,Vincent Bernat,adams.freenode.net
hugs___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jwuzuzkbpbzttetx,Jason Huggins,rajaniemi.freenode.net
beckyconning__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fpdwnyleixufcynv,Becky,weber.freenode.net
CSWookie,gateway/web/freenode/ip.64.186.39.4,64.186.39.4 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
trcjr,unaffiliated/trcjr,Theodore Robert Campbell Jr,leguin.freenode.net
andy09usa,unaffiliated/andy09usa,Andrey,tepper.freenode.net
DonVitoCorleone,unaffiliated/donvitocorleone,Kraljeva-Garda,verne.freenode.net
brrian,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tztadxiwpmetizyt,Brrian,adams.freenode.net
floatingman,c-50-132-251-43.hsd1.tn.comcast.net,Nunya,barjavel.freenode.net
selbot2,ec2-54-161-97-230.compute-1.amazonaws.com,cinch,barjavel.freenode.net
WhereIsMySpoon_,teamfrag.net,Jamee,verne.freenode.net
aimmac23,cpc87931-haye27-2-0-cust150.17-4.cable.virginm.net,aimmac23,asimov.freenode.net
r0kc4t,felderundfiguren.de,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
monokrome,54.88.139.115,Bailey Stoner,rajaniemi.freenode.net
crowell,unaffiliated/crowell,Jeffrey Crowell,barjavel.freenode.net
sixth,unaffiliated/demo,Sheep go to heaven.,wolfe.freenode.net
TobiasFar,2a01:4f8:160:5109::1:4,T Markmann,niven.freenode.net
railswebdev,12.227.151.19,Rails Dev,leguin.freenode.net
Tristitia,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,One with Darkness,sinisalo.freenode.net
barancev,194-28-29-152.static-pppoe.itce.ru,Alexei Barantsev,barjavel.freenode.net
p_l,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hlyouhaierynvisg,Paweł Lasek,karatkievich.freenode.net
railssmith,c-73-189-177-212.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,RubyCoder,hitchcock.freenode.net
Neo--,BSN-61-127-13.dynamic.siol.net,neo,tepper.freenode.net
semajnz,ec2-54-253-254-43.ap-southeast-2.compute.amazonaws.com,James,roddenberry.freenode.net
matt-b,dinosaursareawesome.co.uk,Matt B,rajaniemi.freenode.net
JoWie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fwtvmyqjspovnogv,Joris,rajaniemi.freenode.net
seljenkinsbot,210.204.170.108.bc.googleusercontent.com,PircBotX 1.9, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bot,hitchcock.freenode.net
ClayMartin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yrurxvjavegletik,Clay Martin,wilhelm.freenode.net
elmcrest,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-avoydvwycypdjltr,Marius Raesener,wolfe.freenode.net
vidplace7,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kdegbaljbplgpxld,vid,wolfe.freenode.net
jefrite,45.63.76.107,jef rite,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rplevka,nat/redhat/x-aapwyuzlpdevzlzk,roman plevka,rajaniemi.freenode.net
D9,104.236.71.143,Paul",karatkievich.freenode.net
jarib,unaffiliated/jarib,Jari Bakken,wilhelm.freenode.net
qiau,unaffiliated/qiau,qiau,sinisalo.freenode.net
dude-x,pool-100-37-150-93.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,The Dude X,adams.freenode.net
alan-baird-sl,138.68.30.44,Join on Slack: http://seleniumhq.herokuapp.com,tepper.freenode.net
perry,unaffiliated/perry753,Perry Huang,card.freenode.net
jgornick,li373-224.members.linode.com,Joe Gornick,weber.freenode.net
sgsabbage,lebovitch.default.sgsabbage.uk0.bigv.io,Sean,weber.freenode.net
squeakytoy2,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pzbprvrphfesobhs,squeakytoy,wolfe.freenode.net
tourdedave,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cltxsmwazyrcnnkf,Dave Haeffner,adams.freenode.net
stryx`,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,stryx,verne.freenode.net
Seriema,109-104-1-104.customers.ownit.se,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
dude-x_,pool-100-37-150-93.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,dude-x_,karatkievich.freenode.net
dmarr,li588-214.members.linode.com,David Marr,hitchcock.freenode.net
hdi200,gateway/web/freenode/ip.72.229.145.102,cpe-72-229-145-102.nyc.res.rr.com/72.229.145.102,herbert.freenode.net
Morray,iwant.gnu.systems,Habib,rajaniemi.freenode.net
djinni,68.ip-149-56-14.net,djinni,karatkievich.freenode.net
Zerot,wordtango.net,...,wilhelm.freenode.net
ionelmc,python/site-packages/ionelmc,Ionel Cristian Mărieș,wilhelm.freenode.net
Guest40352,45.63.54.61,dickbutt,barjavel.freenode.net
theo`,2001:41d0:8:9a36::1,theo01,karatkievich.freenode.net
bogdananton,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ebcankxuvngfqepd,BogdanAnton,wilhelm.freenode.net
dukedave,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ardvakcsputpkwvz,Dave Tapley,wolfe.freenode.net
WhereIsMySpoon,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.149.18.8.123,WhereIsMySpoon,card.freenode.net
fedor-sl,138.68.30.44,Join on Slack: http://seleniumhq.herokuapp.com,tepper.freenode.net
XgizmoX,173.78.254.135,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
sahazel,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tuxojmajtntaebpt,Steven Hazel,wilhelm.freenode.net
crane,chat.craneworks.de,Denny Crane,karatkievich.freenode.net
lucast,45.55.89.27,Lucas Tierney,weber.freenode.net
serbang,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yiyihwtlrpmmlajy,Serban,adams.freenode.net
inforstar,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cfwmxxybssdjdlaa,Robert,niven.freenode.net
ElectrumGuy,pool-108-20-125-32.bstnma.fios.verizon.net,ElectrumGuy,karatkievich.freenode.net
JDorlus,2620:101:8016:74::5:113,John Dorlus,wolfe.freenode.net
kutenai,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-slovewdqwssplglc,Ed Henderson,karatkievich.freenode.net
Bennit,servian.eu,Ben Corne,karatkievich.freenode.net
merike,146.185.172.133,Merike Sell,wolfe.freenode.net
daemon,hostname.racing,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
Dritz,0au.de,asoborov,card.freenode.net
jimpurbrick,2620:10d:c092:180::1:69cf,Adium User,wolfe.freenode.net
geheimnis`,23.226.237.192,geheimnis,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dirbaio3,orion.dirbaio.net,dirbaio,niven.freenode.net
gorka,gateway/web/freenode/ip.92.103.19.225,92.103.19.225 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
mika,grml/developer/mika,Michael Prokop,barjavel.freenode.net
john51,15255.s.t4vps.eu,John,sinisalo.freenode.net
harryh,nr-ft1-66-42-243-74.fuse.net,night owl,orwell.freenode.net
MrCoder,host81-149-82-212.in-addr.btopenworld.com,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
dregin,nat/dcunetworkingsociety/x-ekbktkzezgnxabes,fuck off,asimov.freenode.net
phasze,216.190.237.4,purple,card.freenode.net
stackedsax,104.130.0.138,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
ninsei,40.121.53.42,ninsei,asimov.freenode.net
emilsedgh,kde/developer/esedgh,Emil Sedgh,hitchcock.freenode.net
Jaykul,geoshell/dev/Jaykul,Joel Bennett,card.freenode.net
[b__b],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,BotBot.me,wolfe.freenode.net
oida,unaffiliated/oida,oida,karatkievich.freenode.net
sjLonghorn,2604:180:3:1c9::c58b,Michael,karatkievich.freenode.net
Mixologic,97-120-245-65.ptld.qwest.net,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
riotz,unaffiliated/riotz,.,kornbluth.freenode.net
realz,unaffiliated/realazthat,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
phendryx,d118-75-139-229.col.wideopenwest.com,ZNC - http://znc.in,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Orphis,adam.orphis.net,Orphis,orwell.freenode.net
Deltanic,deltanic.net,Deltanic,card.freenode.net
root-,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-svhlwoakvtgojsld,root,wilhelm.freenode.net
pa,unaffiliated/pa,Paolo,barjavel.freenode.net
reverse_light,ntszok079247.szok.nt.adsl.ppp.infoweb.ne.jp,reverse_light,leguin.freenode.net
Eleccy_,alexis.lart.no,Rune,hitchcock.freenode.net
shutin,unaffiliated/shutin,ks,adams.freenode.net
Joshchamp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-szhpmpfwhidhrxxg,Josh,verne.freenode.net
arnold89,50-241-78-172-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,purple,tepper.freenode.net
mydog2,adsl-184-45-20-117.sdf.bellsouth.net,mydog2,adams.freenode.net
lishoujun,124.65.100.98,lishoujun,barjavel.freenode.net
BytesAndCoffee,bytes.coffee,yazdmich,adams.freenode.net
johnny56,unaffiliated/johnny56,johnny56,sinisalo.freenode.net
AutomatedTester,unaffiliated/automatedtester,David Burns,adams.freenode.net
CtrlC,unaffiliated/ctrlc,CtrlC,sinisalo.freenode.net
KingPin,bela.kpsn.org,kingpin,card.freenode.net
Tykling,gibfest.dk,tykling,adams.freenode.net
dcht00,2a01:4a0:3::5096:aeb,David Dchtoo,adams.freenode.net
zeroedout,69.172.153.167,Alishams Hassam,adams.freenode.net
AlexanderS,bnc.animux.de,AlexanderS,adams.freenode.net
nikow,129.ip-51-255-160.eu,nikow,asimov.freenode.net
radish,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,radish,orwell.freenode.net
asheesh,109.166.211.130.bc.googleusercontent.com,Asheesh Laroia,adams.freenode.net
Guest60035,unaffiliated/exa,exa,rajaniemi.freenode.net
christi3k,pdpc/supporter/active/christiekoehler,Christie Koehler,wolfe.freenode.net
KBme,trurl.r0x0r.me,KBme,adams.freenode.net
macmaN,90.190.182.21,i wear my sunglasses at night.,karatkievich.freenode.net
riddle,us.yunix.net,decadance,karatkievich.freenode.net
dgw,wikimedia/dgw,dgw,verne.freenode.net
webzwo0i,gonzo.teamidiot.de,webzwo0i,karatkievich.freenode.net
podbay,podbay.net,podbay,asimov.freenode.net
rhelmer,gateway/web/mozilla/x-vearddmxlnuzrtyn,Robert Helmer,verne.freenode.net
Zir0h,vms03.ziroh.be,Zir0h,wolfe.freenode.net
pozzoni,2604:180::5a69:7f32,pozzoni,wilhelm.freenode.net
gleki,173-13-139-237-sfba.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,gleki / Gleki Arxokuna ; Lojbanist ; mw.lojban.org,leguin.freenode.net
ffledgling,unaffiliated/ffledgling,Anhad Jai Singh,orwell.freenode.net
davidascher,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rhxaxwzjyiaryqmo,david ascher,weber.freenode.net
SWAT,ubuntu/member/swat,Sebastian S.,hitchcock.freenode.net
paulr,2a01:4a0:44:118::2,Paul,niven.freenode.net
HannahWolfe,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zpcovavqvcbhliwz,Hannah Wolfe,sinisalo.freenode.net
damongant,unaffiliated/damongant,Damon Gant,rajaniemi.freenode.net
EvilJStoker,unaffiliated/jstoker,EvilJStoker (Contact JStoker if I don't respond.),niven.freenode.net
mal``,68.ip-149-56-14.net,mal``,rajaniemi.freenode.net
roger_rabbit,unaffiliated/roger-rabbit/x-7769789,admin,karatkievich.freenode.net
bijyjbu,nat2-mtl03.vmpanel.net,akmnlrse,adams.freenode.net
Einherjer,69.64.40.177,Viking,leguin.freenode.net
Nemo_bis,wikimedia/Nemo-bis,Federico,leguin.freenode.net
mikkorantalainen,semyol-329-b.ktl.jyu.fi,Mikko Rantalainen,leguin.freenode.net
lasconic,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ixckyfxdjlxszbck,lasconic,wilhelm.freenode.net
Not_a_Robot,251.red-80-29-48.adsl.static.ccgg.telefonica.net,Not_a_Robot,wilhelm.freenode.net
Guest5588,2001:41d0:8:d28f::1,florian,wilhelm.freenode.net
tekacs,tekacs.com,Amar Sood,hitchcock.freenode.net
Laserbeak,2601:14d:4300:3acc:287e:ecc5:34aa:d80a,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
littleli,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-aybrpuazxhjifhoz,Ales Najmann,wilhelm.freenode.net
r04r,unaffiliated/r04r,r04r,asimov.freenode.net
Voltasalt,5.101.100.240,Why do you care?,wolfe.freenode.net
kexplo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lwvqdnoowbixztcl,Kexplo,wilhelm.freenode.net
myghty,lanzone.eu,myghty,leguin.freenode.net
dfucci,tuomi.oulu.fi,Davide Fucci,hitchcock.freenode.net
tarruda_,45.55.225.204,tarruda,asimov.freenode.net
rodarmor,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe61:6c68,rodarmor,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
DogHackit,2605:e000:1117:8043:ba27:ebff:fedb:ba9f,Dog Hackit,wilhelm.freenode.net
rhelmer,gateway/web/mozilla/x-vearddmxlnuzrtyn,Robert Helmer,verne.freenode.net
hughsk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rzkbpowadatxifly,Hugh Kennedy,adams.freenode.net
enlight,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qmdlsbwkkxsgroxu,John Smith,karatkievich.freenode.net
timwis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uszajgcfmdxoaijd,Tim,adams.freenode.net
_longines,static.183.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,longines,wolfe.freenode.net
doppo,2604:180::e0fc:a07f,doppo,karatkievich.freenode.net
LordRyan,ny1.hashbang.sh,ryan,tepper.freenode.net
swills,freebsd/developer/swills,realname,card.freenode.net
Zauberfisch,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pydxgrnbmdvqalef,Zauberfisch,adams.freenode.net
cschneid,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe73:9540,cschneid,wilhelm.freenode.net
phishy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wtwstgoyfsmmjzzt,Jeff Loiselle,wilhelm.freenode.net
ManiacTwister,2a01:4f8:192:4ad::32c3,ManiacTwister,leguin.freenode.net
MrSaints,unaffiliated/mrsaints,Ian,wolfe.freenode.net
yorick,oftn/oswg-member/yorick,Yorick,barjavel.freenode.net
fqtw,x590c73e6.dyn.telefonica.de,realname,tepper.freenode.net
boonkerz,static.130.78.9.5.clients.your-server.de,Peterson",niven.freenode.net
squallstter,pD9526F42.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
krainboltgreene,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gopkdhvyeurgkkkc,Kurtis Rainbolt-Greene,wolfe.freenode.net
jerseykx,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yadyhpiqjjnxweok,Jerzy Kozera,wolfe.freenode.net
finnp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vizojhlbvrwwptrh,Finn,leguin.freenode.net
jwheare,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ebjglxzmwixdgcmj,James Wheare,adams.freenode.net
Yakomo,mist.shells.noname-ev.de,yakomo,wilhelm.freenode.net
switz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ywjqjclyteutjxol,switz,wolfe.freenode.net
stoyvo,irc.scar45.com,stoyvo,asimov.freenode.net
bret,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-thzaumlzwpolfmxh,Bret Comnes,leguin.freenode.net
blez,ip-138-97.pppoe.ssi.bg,blez,wilhelm.freenode.net
niekie,unaffiliated/niek,Niek Bergman,card.freenode.net
mattdangerw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-voevrqqskesutijp,Matt Watson,adams.freenode.net
jlord,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wjuoiggmidiafuwd,jlord,wilhelm.freenode.net
aendrew,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gxtqnqfdpshxjbbm,Ændrew Rininsland,adams.freenode.net
prettymuchbryce,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xwohuzgyzizrntvu,prettymuchbryce,wilhelm.freenode.net
Jammerx2,bnc.jammerx2.net,Josh,wolfe.freenode.net
early,68.ip-149-56-14.net,early,orwell.freenode.net
krillr,2604:180:1:4e1::9d82,Aaron Krill,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Koopz,koopz.de,Koopz,wilhelm.freenode.net
mekwall,writeless.se,Marcus Ekwall,orwell.freenode.net
jen20__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-udymesktbtouieee,James Nugent,verne.freenode.net
jayfk,p4FF5C1D2.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,jayfk,weber.freenode.net
skullcrasher,v22015112742129272.yourvserver.net,skullcrasher,weber.freenode.net
cryptic,67-8-35-31.res.bhn.net,cryptic-,adams.freenode.net
niko,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.niko,Nicolas Coevoet,weber.freenode.net
jryans,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bcobkfympjpiguti,J. Ryan Stinnett,karatkievich.freenode.net
klobucar,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ibabapfhahqondwe,Jonathon Klobucar,wolfe.freenode.net
kwladyka,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-hypywiedqcnutosn,ZNC - http://znc.in,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ulph,h156n9-u-a31.ias.bredband.telia.com,ulph,leguin.freenode.net
Ephemeral,unaffiliated/ephemeral,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
evil_steve,irc-vm.nerdvana.net.au,Steve_evil,rajaniemi.freenode.net
techman83,sydney.techieman.net,Leon Wright,sinisalo.freenode.net
dtbell91,127-20-88-118.dcwest.net.au,David Bell,card.freenode.net
tehsma,cpe-65-190-242-214.triad.res.rr.com,tehsma,card.freenode.net
MSHMTX,toroon0713w-lp130-02-70-24-106-102.dsl.bell.ca,realname,card.freenode.net
egrouse,unaffiliated/egrouse,newb,card.freenode.net
adq,unaffiliated/adq,qda,leguin.freenode.net
brutasse,exo.bruno.im,Bruno Renie,adams.freenode.net
roulance,193.22.107.215,roulance,asimov.freenode.net
solvik,62.210.226.240,solvik,barjavel.freenode.net
lionel,91.224.149.14,Lionel Porcheron,leguin.freenode.net
Arandir,kuzh.polytechnique.fr,Arandir,card.freenode.net
NiReaS,ks360495.kimsufi.com,NiReaS,asimov.freenode.net
jpcw,mailer.camguilhem.net,Jean-Philippe Camguilhem,niven.freenode.net
_hanhart,static.141.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,barjavel.freenode.net
d-fence,host-85-201-64-140.dynamic.voo.be,christophe,,,,adams.freenode.net
grenoya,haiku.zarb.org,Claire Revillet,niven.freenode.net
Zebuline,cookie.crocobox.org,Zebuline,verne.freenode.net
asyd,gendo.asyd.net,__plop__,verne.freenode.net
niluje,212.83.162.172,niluje,hitchcock.freenode.net
darvon,107.191.100.185,darvon,wilhelm.freenode.net
skyice,unaffiliated/skyice,skyice,wilhelm.freenode.net
btall,ns325362.ip-37-187-105.eu,Anonymous,orwell.freenode.net
davlefou,unaffiliated/davlefou,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
daker,ubuntu/member/daker,Adnane,weber.freenode.net
nahuel,barbot.ahtna.org,Nahuel,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
telex,freeshell.de,telex,tepper.freenode.net
gawel,amandine.bearstech.com,gael,niven.freenode.net
Mindiell,kepler.mindiell.net,Mindiell,asimov.freenode.net
Xelnor,paris.xelnor.net,Raphaël Barrois,orwell.freenode.net
No`,iru64-1-88-171-157-86.fbx.proxad.net,Bruno Bord,verne.freenode.net
chrysaor,2001:41d0:1:e0d2::1,chrysa,adams.freenode.net
lau,unaffiliated/lau,lau,wilhelm.freenode.net
SpoutBE,163-172-28-19.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Spout,verne.freenode.net
Mowee,195-154-194-139.rev.poneytelecom.eu,_mowee,asimov.freenode.net
Pheimors,ns302333.ip-91-121-134.eu,Pheimors,card.freenode.net
TychoBrahe,ns1.what.tf,-_-,wolfe.freenode.net
amz32,LStLambert-658-1-240-25.w80-15.abo.wanadoo.fr,amz3,karatkievich.freenode.net
kanor,unaffiliated/kanor,kanor,adams.freenode.net
k4nar,ns25757.ip-91-121-75.eu,yannick,weber.freenode.net
Evelf,toph.virgule.net,Eve,wolfe.freenode.net
cyp__,46.249.37.186,cyp,kornbluth.freenode.net
kraft,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-yzagzsggfjafsanb,Na,orwell.freenode.net
bab00n,5.135.186.90,baboon,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Marmotte,unaffiliated/marmotte,Marmotte,karatkievich.freenode.net
fedruantine,45.63.76.107,What's up jive turkeys?,orwell.freenode.net
natim,gateway/web/mozilla/x-hzyvhkrqzoclhokr,Remy Hubscher,karatkievich.freenode.net
nowayz75,171.ip-51-254-100.eu,nowayz75,leguin.freenode.net
linovia,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bzxyakxpczcseepw,xordoquy,wilhelm.freenode.net
barzogh,pdpc/supporter/active/barzogh,barzogh,card.freenode.net
flaf,sumsum.flaf.fr,Francois Lafont,card.freenode.net
Mo0O,unaffiliated/mo0o,steeve,niven.freenode.net
MrJmad,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yrlcnhrburvmbmaj,Jean-Michel ARMAND,wilhelm.freenode.net
ploufplouf,rob92-10-88-171-125-216.fbx.proxad.net,ploufplouf,leguin.freenode.net
foxmask,unaffiliated/foxmask,foxmask,card.freenode.net
Tuxkowo,kokiyas.ohai.fr,Tuxkowo,barjavel.freenode.net
twidi,irc.twidi.com,Stephane Angel,barjavel.freenode.net
magopian,gateway/web/mozilla/x-fywmefjeixwaepis,Mathieu Agopian,karatkievich.freenode.net
aspyrine,2001:4b98:dc2:47:216:3eff:fe86:f9e1,olivier,adams.freenode.net
Tycale,tycale.be,Thibault,card.freenode.net
mogitux,101.222.133.77.rev.sfr.net,mogwai,asimov.freenode.net
Jikan,noein.haruka.fr,Jikan,leguin.freenode.net
fle,2001:41d0:fe78:ea00:dc8a:637a:46c7:fc74,Florent L.,wilhelm.freenode.net
mat,igoan/mat,Mathieu Pillard,wilhelm.freenode.net
pfallenop,unaffiliated/contempt,paralela,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sebcorbin,62-210-220-58.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Sebastien Corbin,wilhelm.freenode.net
Lagoon,excellency.alwaysdata.net,Lagoon,barjavel.freenode.net
bruce1,ns3028886.ip-37-59-61.eu,bruce,asimov.freenode.net
bougie,214.ip-37-187-67.eu,appartland,orwell.freenode.net
ark--,christophe.typhon.net,ark,tepper.freenode.net
gustavi,gustavi.org,gustavi,adams.freenode.net
cyberj,bearstech/cyberj,Charpentier Johan,adams.freenode.net
maurris,unaffiliated/maurris,maurris,barjavel.freenode.net
pabluk_,laf94-2-78-193-105-62.fbxo.proxad.net,Pablo SEMINARIO,barjavel.freenode.net
rawger_,195-154-165-158.rev.poneytelecom.eu,rawger,wolfe.freenode.net
ewjoachim,ipv6.notk.org,mario,karatkievich.freenode.net
carxwol,kvas.hexecho.net,Stephane Kanschine,karatkievich.freenode.net
gordonzola,212.129.4.87,gordon,wolfe.freenode.net
kiorky,131.39.26.109.rev.sfr.net,Mathieu Le Marec - Pasquet,wilhelm.freenode.net
Nemen`,diadzine.org,diadzine,karatkievich.freenode.net
BbT0n,62-210-138-94.rev.poneytelecom.eu,pandadux,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Xel,carida.xelnor.net,Raphaël Barrois,asimov.freenode.net
calguy1000,S01061cabc0aed063.ek.shawcable.net,purple,tepper.freenode.net
the_babe,S01061cabc0aed063.ek.shawcable.net,purple,karatkievich.freenode.net
spossiba,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,spossiba,wilhelm.freenode.net
swarfega,2605:f700:42:2c1c::2a06:e021,swarfega,adams.freenode.net
reneh,180-250-11.connect.netcom.no,ReneH,wolfe.freenode.net
stom,cpc101976-sgyl38-2-0-cust3.18-2.cable.virginm.net,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
DIGI4,S0106306023d62047.gv.shawcable.net,...,asimov.freenode.net
cAPS_lOCK_W,81.166.55.102.static.lyse.net,HELMIN,card.freenode.net
RolfTj,188.226.182.165,RolfTj,asimov.freenode.net
gurupilgrim,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe61:8808,gurupilgrim,wolfe.freenode.net
ajprog,irc.cmsms.us,Jeff,hitchcock.freenode.net
JoMorg,188.226.182.165,JoMorg,barjavel.freenode.net
eichiro,107.191.100.185,eichiro,card.freenode.net
Nabukadnessar,open.source.supporter.firrre.com,Nabucodonosor,wilhelm.freenode.net
FluFairy,188.226.182.165,Anne-Mieke Bovelett,hitchcock.freenode.net
Death_Syn,2001:19f0:6400:82e2::beef,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
j_f-f,rs-6.jff-webhosting.net,J�rg Frings-F�rst,kornbluth.freenode.net
bossbot,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:feae:2357,bossbot,rajaniemi.freenode.net
calguy10001,cable-94-189-150-22.dynamic.sbb.rs,purple,asimov.freenode.net
maidbloke,host86-152-37-192.range86-152.btcentralplus.com,purple,tepper.freenode.net
RonnyK,ip503de292.speed.planet.nl,purple,wolfe.freenode.net
Nabucodonosor,open.source.supporter.firrre.com,Nabukadnessar,karatkievich.freenode.net
[JoMorg],foss.supporter.firrre.com,JoMorg,karatkievich.freenode.net
ikevin,j-aime.etre.casse-couilles.org,DAGNEAUX Kevin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
velden1,xm0068.uvt.nl,velden,weber.freenode.net
Elekaz,hilla.kapsi.fi,Joni Hasanen,weber.freenode.net
xLiar,ip-195-14-165-61.bnk.lt,dob,card.freenode.net
wilfriedE,unaffiliated/wilfriede,/~~~flying-potatoes~~~/,verne.freenode.net
VoidWhisperer,unaffiliated/voidwhisperer,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jflory7,fedora/jflory7,Justin W. Flory,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Fanshawe,bryn.justinwflory.com,Fanshawe the IRC Bot,barjavel.freenode.net
tyler-baker,gateway/shell/linaro/x-hguwifjwmmmvthnr,Tyler Baker,card.freenode.net
Immanuel,2.236.139.163,John von Neumann,wilhelm.freenode.net
broonie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gnuuzgsjlazwianw,Mark Brown,adams.freenode.net
zzarr,h83-209-217-68.cust.se.alltele.net,Rasmus Jonsson,hitchcock.freenode.net
Muflo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zwygwohikiyflpos,Muflo,wilhelm.freenode.net
m6lpi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-azuulkiqwuqrhemm,Neil Stone,wilhelm.freenode.net
jkridner,pdpc/supporter/active/jkridner,jkridner,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
tumdedum,unaffiliated/espiral,tum-de-dum,card.freenode.net
bluesomewhere,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gwatzwouqpcvsicl,Josh Simmons,karatkievich.freenode.net
weltall,planeshift/developer/weltall,weltall,roddenberry.freenode.net
scorche`,rockbox/administrator/scorche,_,adams.freenode.net
dreimark,moinmoin/coreteam/reimar,Reimar Bauer,sinisalo.freenode.net
GeeH,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fjvixdxarjohqrlg,GeeH,adams.freenode.net
miss_jwo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sffysnaftafabtyp,miss_jwo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MichaelC,phpbb/manager/MichaelC,Michael,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
asgrim,thor.asgrim.com,James Titcumb,barjavel.freenode.net
Guest17846,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe89:fb30,Alex Ross,niven.freenode.net
GrumpyCanuck,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gswatejaiofkvihm,Chris Hartjes,wilhelm.freenode.net
PHPHBot,thor.asgrim.com,DASBiT,orwell.freenode.net
dLux,174-126-120-195.cpe.cableone.net,dLux,orwell.freenode.net
elberto,174-126-120-195.cpe.cableone.net,nodejs IRC bot by dLux,rajaniemi.freenode.net
atchuthan,14.102.27.223,atchuthan,hitchcock.freenode.net
cenourinha,185.118.113.69,The Lounge User,hitchcock.freenode.net
f31n,62-178-19-161.cable.dynamic.surfer.at,purple,niven.freenode.net
Rokixz,5.199.160.9,Rokas Klyvis,niven.freenode.net
lucasrolff,gra1.optimizer.io,Lucas Rolff,card.freenode.net
nicanaca0,141.170.12.36,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Oclairi,80-121-81-24.adsl.highway.telekom.at,Oclair,weber.freenode.net
hassoon,gateway/shell/firrre/x-aznyfarirfoiazxm,hassoon,adams.freenode.net
lucass,syx.sk,miesacka,orwell.freenode.net
JMP-NIX,host86-167-109-62.range86-167.btcentralplus.com,The_Tokes,karatkievich.freenode.net
paws,unaffiliated/paws,paws,hitchcock.freenode.net
yen0p,yenop.fr,yen0p,asimov.freenode.net
JMP-WOK,host86-167-109-62.range86-167.btcentralplus.com,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
ths,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vmaqxygsijhpunum,ths,wolfe.freenode.net
JMP-TOK,host86-131-89-182.range86-131.btcentralplus.com,realname,leguin.freenode.net
RxyBotLT,wikimedia/rxy/bot/RxyBot,RxyBotLT,wilhelm.freenode.net
shino_d_y,wikipedia/Ohgi,Shinod Yoji,asimov.freenode.net
rxy,wikimedia/rxy,rxy,sinisalo.freenode.net
RxyBot-Control,wikimedia/bot/RyuBot-Control,RxyBot,leguin.freenode.net
triglav,wikipedia/triglav,triglav,wolfe.freenode.net
wp221,wikipedia/wp221-118-51-31,wp221,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
RxyBot-ja,wikimedia/rxy/bot/RxyBot,RxyBot,leguin.freenode.net
wm-bot3,wikimedia/bot/wm-bot,wm-bot,hitchcock.freenode.net
DagoRed,64-121-236-126.c3-0.eas-ubr3.atw-eas.pa.cable.rcn.com,DagoRed,orwell.freenode.net
KyleYankan,hive76/member/KyleYankan,Kyle Y,karatkievich.freenode.net
qguv,unaffiliated/quintus,qguv,orwell.freenode.net
Plazma,freenode/staff-emeritus/plazma,Plazma,asimov.freenode.net
HarriedItGuy,167.160.36.50,HarriedItGuy,hitchcock.freenode.net
jenni,jenni/cell-8675309,jenni yanosbot, https://git.io/jenni,tepper.freenode.net
QueenBee,belafonte.us,QueenBee,karatkievich.freenode.net
Pennth,rcb-fwall-00.pmacs.upenn.edu,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
ggherdov-,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lksoozvjdnfopqdp,Giovanni Gherdovich,wolfe.freenode.net
nhandler,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.nhandler,Nathan Handler,karatkievich.freenode.net
xenoxaos,2600:3c02::f03c:91ff:feae:2da1,Mike,rajaniemi.freenode.net
RonG,unaffiliated/rong,RonG,tepper.freenode.net
r00t^2,g.rainwreck.com,brent s.,leguin.freenode.net
eric357_away,li236-14.members.linode.com,Eric Lucas,adams.freenode.net
InHisName,c-68-82-168-144.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,ReallyNiceNameHere,asimov.freenode.net
penth,pool-173-75-227-192.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,Rachel Rawlings,tepper.freenode.net
ESphynx,bas10-montrealak-67-68-235-40.dsl.bell.ca,...,orwell.freenode.net
JonathanD,freenode/staff/jonathand,fish,asimov.freenode.net
Pici,ubuntu/member/pdpc.professional.pici,Benjamin Rubin,weber.freenode.net
blinky42,jabber.blinkylight.net,blinky,leguin.freenode.net
dvl,freebsd/developer/dvl,Dan Langille,wolfe.freenode.net
jedijf,hive76/member/jedijf,jim fisher,card.freenode.net
rich0,gentoo/developer/rich0,Richard Freeman,sinisalo.freenode.net
coalhot,pool-71-175-52-99.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,coalhot,leguin.freenode.net
paden,unaffiliated/paden,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
junktext,fsf/member/junktext,www.junktext.com,adams.freenode.net
ProfessorKaos64,216.49.14.203.res-cmts.pnt.ptd.net,mikeyd,adams.freenode.net
sn0wmonster,taskhive/developer/sn0wmonster,Skifree Snowmonster,wolfe.freenode.net
justanotheruser,unaffiliated/justanotheruser,Justan,adams.freenode.net
WifeYankan,belafonte.us,Yankan,karatkievich.freenode.net
rGeoffrey,96.227.222.106,New Now Know How,wolfe.freenode.net
Adran,botters/staff/adran,Adran Duran,tepper.freenode.net
Bryanstein,shellium/admin/bryanstein,Bryan Smith,asimov.freenode.net
vishwin,wikimedia/O,C Li,asimov.freenode.net
LadyD,unaffiliated/ladyd,jenned,weber.freenode.net
dbkr,cloudbase.dbkr.me,Dave Baker,niven.freenode.net
WarheadsSE,c-174-54-190-115.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,WarheadsSE,barjavel.freenode.net
peejay,hive76/member/peejay,peejay,karatkievich.freenode.net
rmg51,c-71-225-44-47.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,Randy Gold,hitchcock.freenode.net
pleia2,your.worshipfulness.princessleia.com,Elizabeth K. Joseph,adams.freenode.net
dotCOMmie,ec2-54-85-30-17.compute-1.amazonaws.com,dotCOMmie,barjavel.freenode.net
gimps,unaffiliated/gimps,noone,orwell.freenode.net
kloeri,freenode/staff/exherbo.kloeri,Bryan Ostergaard,orwell.freenode.net
balrog,unaffiliated/balrog,balrog,orwell.freenode.net
stump,london.acm.jhu.edu,stump,card.freenode.net
LobsterMan,unaffiliated/lobsterman,...,asimov.freenode.net
teddy-dbear,c-71-225-44-47.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,Teddy d'Bear,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jose,ubuntu/member/jose,José Antonio Rey,orwell.freenode.net
RDUB-I,23.226.134.191,RDUB-I,verne.freenode.net
mikedep333,ec2-52-205-133-14.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
yano,freenode/staff-emeritus/yano,my idle time is a lie,card.freenode.net
vok`,pool-96-245-193-142.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,pi,barjavel.freenode.net
waltman,c-68-81-107-5.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,Walt Mankowski,verne.freenode.net
contracode,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-usiwyoqfqzskkzva,contracode,adams.freenode.net
RxyBotLT,wikimedia/rxy/bot/RxyBot,RxyBotLT,wilhelm.freenode.net
RxyBot-Control,wikimedia/bot/RyuBot-Control,RxyBot,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
inetpro,unaffiliated/hibana,Gustav H Meyer,barjavel.freenode.net
chesedo,unaffiliated/pieter2627,Pieter,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
superfly,openlp/developer/superfly,Raoul Snyman,adams.freenode.net
fozzmoo,server.solitaryworld.net,Doran Barton,orwell.freenode.net
bluesomewhere,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gwatzwouqpcvsicl,Josh Simmons,karatkievich.freenode.net
bashNinja,104.219.54.245,Got a ZNC?,card.freenode.net
genehack,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-evclrarbvydxluxk,John SJ Anderson,adams.freenode.net
bryceml,2605:a601:577:b700:1e75:8ff:fe11:8a63,Bryce Larson,wolfe.freenode.net
carmony,162.243.52.69,Carmony,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
infobot,rikers.org,TimRiker's infobot,sinisalo.freenode.net
mindjuju,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jezkjewkwgoqnhat,Victor,rajaniemi.freenode.net
d3c4f,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lohetdjpvlwntmof,d3c4f,weber.freenode.net
vmbrasseur,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iufirqwzgyzxojcq,VM Brasseur,adams.freenode.net
ECode-Appeals,2001:470:1d:5f5:feed:f00d:2:face,https://helpdesk.electrocode.net,karatkievich.freenode.net
kspencer,unaffiliated/kspencer,Iota,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
draynium,45.63.76.107,needs coffee,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nomad_fr,192.95.25.218,nomad_fr,barjavel.freenode.net
teclo-,unaffiliated/teclo,There is a bustle in my hedgerow,leguin.freenode.net
DarkSoul,denrei.darkbsd.org,Anryou Yaminosuke,weber.freenode.net
eoli4n,unaffiliated/eolien,eoli4n,weber.freenode.net
gaetroni1,ks370400.kimsufi.com,gaetan,asimov.freenode.net
philpep,unaffiliated/philpep,philpep,card.freenode.net
Visual`,unaffiliated/visualstation,Brice Lilot,wolfe.freenode.net
darvon,107.191.100.185,darvon,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sango,10.230-227-89.dsl.completel.net,KVIrc 4.2.0 Equilibrium http://kvirc.net/,leguin.freenode.net
nighty-,www.taiyolabs.com,nighty,orwell.freenode.net
piti,pdpc/supporter/active/piti,me,adams.freenode.net
Nazral,phd.codes,Tyruiop,asimov.freenode.net
int_0x80,irc.big-daddy.fr,int_0x80,barjavel.freenode.net
mortalius,unaffiliated/mortalius,mortalius,hitchcock.freenode.net
dashie,leloop/rhaamo,dashie der otter,barjavel.freenode.net
Natacha,rebma.instinctive.eu,Natacha Kerensikova,barjavel.freenode.net
wxcafe,falcon.wxcafe.net,Wxcafe,asimov.freenode.net
quinq,sourcemage/wizard/quinq,IRC User,wolfe.freenode.net
dumbbell,freebsd/developer/dumbbell,Jean-Sébastien Pédron,niven.freenode.net
stilgart,chezlefab.net,Christophe MOUILLERON,karatkievich.freenode.net
eoli3n,fac34-6-82-240-129-216.fbx.proxad.net,user,wilhelm.freenode.net
N-i-c-o,log77-7-88-185-146-198.fbx.proxad.net,Nico,adams.freenode.net
kAworu,ns3342278.ip-37-59-30.eu,User Alex,asimov.freenode.net
caseih,LFbn-1-7942-109.w90-112.abo.wanadoo.fr,Pierre-Loic,leguin.freenode.net
Lina,unaffiliated/linasovereign,Lina Sovereign,niven.freenode.net
djinni`,68.ip-149-56-14.net,djinni,weber.freenode.net
culot,freebsd/developer/culot,Frederic Culot <culot@FreeBSD.org>,asimov.freenode.net
jorem,agata.joworld.net,Jérôme Le Gal,adams.freenode.net
petrus_lt,62-210-107-216.rev.poneytelecom.eu,petrus,niven.freenode.net
bsdsx,2a01:e35:2ee9:f663:214:bff:fe80:337b,Freddy DISSAUX,sinisalo.freenode.net
spredzy,mail.yanisguenane.fr,Y. Guenane,weber.freenode.net
nadley,vel78-2-82-243-104-234.fbx.proxad.net,nadley,,,,hitchcock.freenode.net
nox``,legras-mard.rev.opsnet.fr,Nicolas RAHIR,karatkievich.freenode.net
moviuro,ns3007255.ip-151-80-43.eu,Moviuro,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Kuri,friloux.me,Guillaume Friloux,asimov.freenode.net
heraclide,gaia.autre.org,Hmmm ... ??? :)),rajaniemi.freenode.net
nexysno,mau78-1-88-184-111-173.fbx.proxad.net,snouhaud,adams.freenode.net
ZyTer,ghostbusters.apinnet.fr,Olivier,card.freenode.net
K-birth,kbot.klais.org,K,rajaniemi.freenode.net
fneufneu,kodi/staff/fneufneu,Fneufneu,adams.freenode.net
sidh,intellitec2.net,User Tinom,sinisalo.freenode.net
Preuk_away,ns3369808.ip-37-187-91.eu,PRK,karatkievich.freenode.net
foudfou,224.77.131.77.rev.sfr.net,No,barjavel.freenode.net
Kakwa,erebor.fr,kakwa,asimov.freenode.net
renchap,je.suis.aigri.fr,Renaud Chaput,wolfe.freenode.net
bougie,214.ip-37-187-67.eu,appartland,orwell.freenode.net
raskolnikov,176.159.50.63,Gabriel Linder,wilhelm.freenode.net
ccha,unaffiliated/ccha,ccha,karatkievich.freenode.net
Necrite,ARennes-356-1-167-238.w2-13.abo.wanadoo.fr,Janitor,weber.freenode.net
kiorky,131.39.26.109.rev.sfr.net,Mathieu Le Marec - Pasquet,wilhelm.freenode.net
kapouik,2a02-842a-0051-6300-cd78-af1c-4077-d96d.rev.sfr.net,realname,niven.freenode.net
mageekguy,163.172.56.91,Frederic Hardy,orwell.freenode.net
DarkSoul[Tokyo],y094193.ppp.asahi-net.or.jp,Anryou Yaminosuke,wolfe.freenode.net
bokayio,159.203.46.1,bokay,orwell.freenode.net
pkv1,176.67.93.77,pkv,asimov.freenode.net
Kakwa_,perso.iiens.net,Pifi,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nledez,unaffiliated/nledez,Nicolas,orwell.freenode.net
nightmared,unaffiliated/nightmared,nightmared,hitchcock.freenode.net
AnCaRioN,unaffiliated/ancarion,David S.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
number80,fedora/number80,80,weber.freenode.net
pstk,sal69-8-78-193-48-34.fbxo.proxad.net,pstk,orwell.freenode.net
loran42o,unaffiliated/loran42o,Laurent Salin,wilhelm.freenode.net
gormux_,rei.gormotte.info,Julien Gormotte,tepper.freenode.net
zmo,leloop/guyzmo,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
robertf,ottmar.fredericrobert.be,Frederic Robert,adams.freenode.net
finwevi,lunar.finwe.net,finwe,adams.freenode.net
lxpz_,shiki.adnab.me,Alex Auvolat,karatkievich.freenode.net
mistur,kewl.mistur.org,yoann,wolfe.freenode.net
bapt,freebsd/developer/bapt,User Bapt,weber.freenode.net
SirPuffy,2a01cb0603e0eb00000105ee0badc0de.ipv6.abo.wanadoo.fr,Matthieu ANGELI,niven.freenode.net
HeisSpiter,reactos/developer/Pierre,Pierre Schweitzer,wolfe.freenode.net
olivier_,freebsd/developer/olivier,Olivier Cochard-Labbé,asimov.freenode.net
beauby,vol75-4-82-224-160-73.fbx.proxad.net,Beauby,rajaniemi.freenode.net
marcelius,stalkr.net,nolose,hitchcock.freenode.net
sigma_g,ks.kadarniad.fr,Alexis,card.freenode.net
Teraii,vip-s1-l1.teraii.net,teraii,wolfe.freenode.net
chets,unaffiliated/chets,chets,orwell.freenode.net
gnoMii,42.sexxxy.biz,gnoMii,tepper.freenode.net
mat_,freebsd/developer/mat,Mathieu Arnold,barjavel.freenode.net
nighty,d246113.ppp.asahi-net.or.jp,nighty,rajaniemi.freenode.net
wowi42,94.200.16.66,wowi42,leguin.freenode.net
Karazhan,kingslanding.unix-experience.fr,noname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zprd,unaffiliated/zepard,zepard,verne.freenode.net
cloud\,madpowah.org,cloud,sinisalo.freenode.net
Keitaro,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-lbgnaiqaabzctbdq,LayerBNC - At Your Fingertips!,adams.freenode.net
nicoo,unaffiliated/nicoo,Nicolas Braud-Santoni,tepper.freenode.net
pkv,87-231-36-164.rev.numericable.fr,pkv,leguin.freenode.net
Padawan-,gateway/tor-sasl/padawan-,Unknown,zelazny.freenode.net
hanx_,unaffiliated/hanx/x-2769695,hanx,wolfe.freenode.net
jlaffaye,orilla.jlaffaye.net,Julien Laffaye,asimov.freenode.net
_stowa,static.177.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,hitchcock.freenode.net
bipnux,11.5-240-81.adsl-dyn.isp.belgacom.be,User Bipbip,leguin.freenode.net
peikk0,freebsd/contributor/peikk0,Pierre Guinoiseau,niven.freenode.net
pfallenop,unaffiliated/contempt,paralela,rajaniemi.freenode.net
assezpale,balzac.acephale.fr,Yannick P.,barjavel.freenode.net
fhh,hera.cadsi.fr,FHH,karatkievich.freenode.net
Rolinh,ns3342278.ip-37-59-30.eu,robin,karatkievich.freenode.net
TurtleCrazy,xvm-127-18.dc2.ghst.net,David Marec,weber.freenode.net
Dam64-PauLLA,91.237.38.29,Dam64-PauLLA,hitchcock.freenode.net
perlbot,simcop2387.info,perlbot,wolfe.freenode.net
BbT0n,62-210-138-94.rev.poneytelecom.eu,pandadux,rajaniemi.freenode.net
triaxx,trashware.triaxx.org,Frédéric Fauberteau,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mgol,gateway/shell/jquery.com/x-fvrjevugpfsbmbow,Michał Gołębiowski,leguin.freenode.net
Mia,unaffiliated/mia,0,card.freenode.net
Rantanen-,zulu817.server4you.net,Mikko Rantanen,weber.freenode.net
ljharb,oftn/oswg-member/ljharb,Jordan,wilhelm.freenode.net
gkatsev,oftn/oswg-board/gkatsev,George Katsevman,hitchcock.freenode.net
hfp_work,mtrlpq0736w-lp130-03-70-52-83-177.dsl.bell.ca,blip,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
netameta,24-158-128-88.dhcp.kgpt.tn.charter.com,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dollarone,unaffiliated/dollarone,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
ashnur,unaffiliated/ashnur,suly",orwell.freenode.net
twi_86,static.77.75.47.78.clients.your-server.de,Alessandro,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
sh4,unaffiliated/sh4,sh4,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Xirrin,2604:a880:400:d0::964:a001,Xirrin,wolfe.freenode.net
skay,fsf/member/skay,skay,adams.freenode.net
Toba_,freyr.truct.org,Eric Stein,weber.freenode.net
skay_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bfqfluozewvqqwyn,skay,wolfe.freenode.net
b1ackdeath,nat/redhat/x-wnjfmiiavyxxrflj,b1ackdeath,asimov.freenode.net
schuc,c-71-57-41-137.hsd1.il.comcast.net,schuc,tepper.freenode.net
taru,168.62.212.108,hi2u,asimov.freenode.net
thelastknowngod,unaffiliated/thelastknowngod,yourname,sinisalo.freenode.net
flipsidecreation,d14-69-162-62.try.wideopenwest.com,It's easy to figure out...,karatkievich.freenode.net
Brad-TTCS,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.172.89.123.153,Brad-TTCS,karatkievich.freenode.net
B0tly,c-50-148-0-158.hsd1.in.comcast.net,Sopel: http://sopel.chat,verne.freenode.net
Highlander-,unaffiliated/highlander-,There Can Be Only One!,leguin.freenode.net
chuq,c-69-246-224-27.hsd1.in.comcast.net,purple,asimov.freenode.net
ProfessorKaos64,216.49.14.203.res-cmts.pnt.ptd.net,mikeyd,adams.freenode.net
FiftyOneFifty,159.203.105.139,Donald Grier,orwell.freenode.net
mactimes,unaffiliated/mactimes,mactimes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Freejack,unaffiliated/freejack,Freejack,wolfe.freenode.net
CTtechguy,unaffiliated/cttechguy,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
scj643,scj.theender.net,scj643,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Kwisher,c-50-148-0-158.hsd1.in.comcast.net,Kwisher,wilhelm.freenode.net
harddrive,unaffiliated/acidburn,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
KCinJP,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uhcelrzlcrioylun,KenC,wolfe.freenode.net
Marchal,shell.franken.de,cnrenner,card.freenode.net
jguardon_,151.red-83-32-99.dynamicip.rima-tde.net,jesus,verne.freenode.net
Kyosh,pool-108-54-183-251.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,Kyosh,card.freenode.net
mrl32_,nat/redhat/x-ztzrbchpirpfwcmt,Marcelo Ricardo Leitner,sinisalo.freenode.net
_salem,189.34.83.72,Tiago Salem Herrmann,wilhelm.freenode.net
artmello,45.55.37.158,Arthur Mello,weber.freenode.net
canelatr,91-250-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,Supybot 0.83.4.1,wolfe.freenode.net
rhct,fedora/rhct,Geeks never need any introduction,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
```,aaronlindsay.com,Aaron Lindsay,tepper.freenode.net
ruta,2607:fea8:51f:fa37:a116:1f5a:4972:e40a,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
enfani,62-78-159-131.bb.dnainternet.fi,Dog,asimov.freenode.net
torque,2001:41d0:2:8c53::1,tachyon,niven.freenode.net
tpd,CPE1cabc0a2d733-CM1cabc0a2d730.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,telepathy,karatkievich.freenode.net
Celestria,173-22-224-235.client.mchsi.com,Celestria,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tempus,d154-5-103-221.bchsia.telus.net,Chronometrics,asimov.freenode.net
Pikachu025,194-96-114-164.adsl.highway.telekom.at,Admiral H. Curtiss,karatkievich.freenode.net
Alam_Squeeze,rigginstereo.lawarias.srb2.org,Alam Arias,karatkievich.freenode.net
frubam,c-69-244-144-203.hsd1.mi.comcast.net,frubam,barjavel.freenode.net
gbcft,71-91-23-233.dhcp.leds.al.charter.com,Mike,karatkievich.freenode.net
caitsith2,64.114.24.61,MyNetConnection!SucksAss@At.Least.Three.Times.A.Da,adams.freenode.net
kurumi,CPE1cabc0a2d733-CM1cabc0a2d730.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,kurumi,asimov.freenode.net
uyjulian,unaffiliated/uyjulian,uyjulian,adams.freenode.net
Korjitani-Eizan,pool-98-117-15-2.hrbgpa.fios.verizon.net,Eizan,roddenberry.freenode.net
Hei_Ku,2a00:1098:0:82:1000:25:2eeb:e3e4,Alvaro Soliverez,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
lalita,unaffiliated/facundobatista/bot/lalita,None,weber.freenode.net
Israphel,190.246.103.68,Cristian Fad�n,leguin.freenode.net
THX1138`,unaffiliated/zzyzx,Jon Snow,card.freenode.net
wallet42,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ejmuztsevtenzywj,wallet42,wilhelm.freenode.net
lobbes,2a02:418:6050:ca7:ea75:b12d:37:8a5b,lobbes,niven.freenode.net
DalekSec,ubuntu/member/unit193,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
stux|work,37.48.121.205,stux,wilhelm.freenode.net
gribble,unaffiliated/nanotube/bot/gribble,Supybot 0.83.4.1+gribble (2014-12-21T23:25:09-0500,asimov.freenode.net
Anduck,unaffiliated/anduck,anduck,barjavel.freenode.net
bauerj,unaffiliated/bauerj,bauerj,wilhelm.freenode.net
Cory,unaffiliated/cory,...,leguin.freenode.net
teward,ubuntu/member/teward,Thomas Ward,wolfe.freenode.net
altgribble,unaffiliated/rbecker/bot/altgribble,Alternate Gribble Bot - Run by RBecker,verne.freenode.net
RBecker,openvpn/user/RBecker,Ryan B.,card.freenode.net
TerrorBite,quassel.lethargiclion.net,TerrorBite,barjavel.freenode.net
Keefe,unaffiliated/keefe,Keefe,card.freenode.net
nanotube,unaffiliated/nanotube,nanotube,asimov.freenode.net
X-Rob,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kqapddpoyisvwflz,Rob Thomas,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sntc06,neptune.snowtec.org,Edward Cai,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
petercommand,unaffiliated/petercommand,peter,asimov.freenode.net
dannyAAM,saru.saru.moe,Danny,asimov.freenode.net
memoryproblems,45.55.204.42,edward,asimov.freenode.net
DiannaAgron,ip68-103-125-218.ks.ok.cox.net,Blazeth,asimov.freenode.net
daplemmo,gateway/web/freenode/ip.134.84.166.52,cems-atlas.cems.umn.edu/134.84.166.52,herbert.freenode.net
Zerakus,124.53.124.24.cm.sunflower.com,Zerakus[SEA],karatkievich.freenode.net
Gfoley4,wikipedia/Gfoley4,The NFL Prophet,niven.freenode.net
ItsAltimeter,ns500680.ip-198-100-147.net,ItsAltimeter,asimov.freenode.net
MikeyA15,unaffiliated/mikeya15,Mikey,rajaniemi.freenode.net
switz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ywjqjclyteutjxol,switz,wolfe.freenode.net
ruhans,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uzinfshpcdekxbcq,Ruhan,sinisalo.freenode.net
cleatuslar[UK],unaffiliated/cleatuslar,asdfasdf,wolfe.freenode.net
Gregorykoch11,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ffmxuumnyjvtypkj,Gregory Koch,wilhelm.freenode.net
RoarkVegeta[ATL],47.185.187.208,Mitchell Mason,wilhelm.freenode.net
dth,ip4d1688d1.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,dth,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
bauruine_,213.239.205.247,bauruine,wolfe.freenode.net
stenographer,ec2-54-225-17-202.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nodeJS IRC client,sinisalo.freenode.net
dukedave,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ardvakcsputpkwvz,Dave Tapley,wolfe.freenode.net
nicoulaj,215.ip-193-70-36.eu,Julien Nicoulaud,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gynter,kits.ee,Günter,barjavel.freenode.net
[0__0],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me/,orwell.freenode.net
ajpiano,li98-57.members.linode.com,adam j. sontag,leguin.freenode.net
cschneid,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe73:9540,cschneid,wilhelm.freenode.net
gsingh93,104.236.206.26,gsingh93,wilhelm.freenode.net
xar-,2001:4800:7815:103:f0d7:c55:ff05:60e8,xar,sinisalo.freenode.net
willb,104-159-211-104.dhcp.eucl.wi.charter.com,William Benton,weber.freenode.net
vlab,unaffiliated/vlab,= vlab,hitchcock.freenode.net
DOMF,ec2-54-187-208-41.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Diamonds On My Fish,wolfe.freenode.net
peaches,unaffiliated/mspeaches,peaches,wolfe.freenode.net
Ainsey,unaffiliated/ainsey,ainsey,orwell.freenode.net
StrongBad,unaffiliated/contoso,Contoso,rajaniemi.freenode.net
CheckYourSix,unaffiliated/checkyoursix,CheckYourSix,karatkievich.freenode.net
shakygator,unaffiliated/shakygator,realname,orwell.freenode.net
ebol4|ded,smtp.iancaling.com,ebola,weber.freenode.net
DeVito,shitposter.io,DeVito,verne.freenode.net
NinjaStyle,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ahobxusbxevnelli,NinjaStyle,wolfe.freenode.net
SpeakerToMeat,prgmr/customer/SpeakerToMeat,Speaker To Meat,barjavel.freenode.net
pspm,unaffiliated/pspm,PSPM,leguin.freenode.net
pipiopi|athome,unaffiliated/pipiopi,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MillerLite,107.191.50.190,It's Miller Time,asimov.freenode.net
precise,ec2-52-35-72-98.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,MrRobot,weber.freenode.net
MillerBoss,107.191.50.190,Boss Miller,asimov.freenode.net
abdulla,2401:fa00:9:15:2d0c:4556:8028:e9ea,abdulla,sinisalo.freenode.net
travisg,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gdpzgzydvxmxxwqw,Travis Geiselbrecht,niven.freenode.net
AKPWD,irc.akpwebdesign.com,AKP,karatkievich.freenode.net
m94asr,s5.swsch.de,Trust my intuition!,orwell.freenode.net
blasty`,2a02:2770:12:0:21a:4aff:fe07:7b2c,NO MORE FREE HUGS,wolfe.freenode.net
langerhans,dogecoin/developer/langerhans,langerhans,wilhelm.freenode.net
Morgawr,unaffiliated/morgawr,Morg,card.freenode.net
connerj,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gewjzfniuvywcsxh,Joshua Conner,adams.freenode.net
pcarrier,unaffiliated/pcarrier,pcarrier,niven.freenode.net
ianloic,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ivqdxklocewnebce,Ian McKellar,niven.freenode.net
JasonO,unaffiliated/hereticlocke,Jason,weber.freenode.net
ripdog,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iqqqpznbtgazjaeh,Miuna Shiodome,hitchcock.freenode.net
cstout_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vyfvrfqqihcwyncz,Craig Stout,hitchcock.freenode.net
dmr,fsf/member/dmr,David Matthew Rolek (Dave),wolfe.freenode.net
Kazinsal,unaffiliated/blacklightos,Troy,adams.freenode.net
ricky,fedora/ricky,Ricky Zhou,weber.freenode.net
hollande,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-irqcuahrqsctesxq,Eric Holland,sinisalo.freenode.net
robtsuk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ygonsmurfvkyliby,Rob Tsuk,adams.freenode.net
voldyman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rgywkebfvmwjylow,Akshay Shekher,wilhelm.freenode.net
lel,unaffiliated/lel,lel,leguin.freenode.net
rockstar,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oiusynooekgkpyza,Paul Hummer,adams.freenode.net
tgall_foo,linaro/tgall-foo,Thomas Gall,tepper.freenode.net
XgF,magi1.paris.fr.node.e43.eu,Owen Shepherd,asimov.freenode.net
tkilbourn,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-svpghhdsmyrsbbui,Tim Kilbourn,tepper.freenode.net
l0kit,ns3096276.ip-94-23-54.eu,Lock It,asimov.freenode.net
dtzWill,unaffiliated/dtzwill,Will Dietz,verne.freenode.net
abarth,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ckjsdalmcnfqflnk,Adam Barth,wolfe.freenode.net
kaste,gaf/kaste,Some Guy,adams.freenode.net
rvalles,unaffiliated/rvalles,rvalles,leguin.freenode.net
Xavierdarkness,unaffiliated/xavierdarkness,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
ppi_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bjzsknahfyjwcbtv,Przemysław Pietrzkiewicz,wolfe.freenode.net
poitch,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-heviqhmsfckhmcpg,Jérôme Poichet,adams.freenode.net
ohsix,67.204.153.38,Chief Crooked Boner,orwell.freenode.net
shikhin,unaffiliated/shikhin,Shikhin Sethi,card.freenode.net
Jiangyi,zeus.codeworkx.de,Andrew,orwell.freenode.net
NTAuthority,2a01:4f8:150:62e2:dead:ca3e:c0de:1337,NTAuthority,niven.freenode.net
voydanoff,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bocwrfrkcaiowqpy,Mike Voydanoff,karatkievich.freenode.net
thatguy_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-izcrlpaisnarpgtx,Gabriel Schine,karatkievich.freenode.net
MonsterAbyss,162.243.210.129,MonsterAbyss,tepper.freenode.net
mofukka,c-50-131-190-201.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,gstack,barjavel.freenode.net
geist,tkgeisel.com,Travis Geiselbrecht,sinisalo.freenode.net
stevef,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lzmtjikafcaonpgo,Steve,wolfe.freenode.net
drumpf,unaffiliated/tim0k,Bender Bending Rodriguez,asimov.freenode.net
Adran,botters/staff/adran,Adran Duran,tepper.freenode.net
shakeel,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pixgylfohbajueng,Shakeel Mahate,leguin.freenode.net
andreaa,2a03:b0c0:1:a1::401:9001,ndr,niven.freenode.net
vardhan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cfwnthscajntfbvw,vardhan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Err,74.83.79.136,Joshua T. Blanton,wilhelm.freenode.net
ratoder,static.111.19.201.138.clients.your-server.de, Java IRC Bot,asimov.freenode.net
jln`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tinigopkqmqidhol,jln`,karatkievich.freenode.net
nekomune,comfy.moe,Compile. Conform. Perform.,asimov.freenode.net
jeffbrown,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zuwvutosywydfrnc,Jeff Brown,wolfe.freenode.net
teisencorp,nat/google/x-uytohwsvjzcoodzb,Todd Eisenberger,karatkievich.freenode.net
sahchi,104.133.2.90,sahchi,karatkievich.freenode.net
crawshaw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jagdzozcuuncfopy,crawshaw,karatkievich.freenode.net
faenil,static.186.47.47.78.clients.your-server.de,Andrea Bernabei,wolfe.freenode.net
estranger,sysop.estranger.net,Russ,niven.freenode.net
guillaum1,89-156-121-90.rev.numericable.fr,Guillaume Legris,barjavel.freenode.net
s_kunk,unaffiliated/s-kunk/x-5139101,s_kunk,wilhelm.freenode.net
rcl,ec2-54-145-156-64.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Dmitry Rekman,adams.freenode.net
armansito,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mgvqjebxesgpcctr,Arman Uguray,card.freenode.net
rmcgrath,nat/google/x-hjdfwnynnyucvsat,Roland McGrath,leguin.freenode.net
swetland,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uljkhfkmgvbbguxu,swetland,asimov.freenode.net
yosafbridge,68.ip-149-56-14.net,yosafbridge,orwell.freenode.net
xnox,ubuntu/member/xnox,Dimitri John Ledkov,hobana.freenode.net
WhiteKIBA,vm3.rout0r.org,clone,card.freenode.net
Menwe,d21f60.ced.re,Menwe,rajaniemi.freenode.net
creekpot,19-226-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,rfcreek,asimov.freenode.net
awly,104.198.11.207,Andrew Lytvynov,verne.freenode.net
apwilson,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.104.132.1.84,apwilson,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gkalsi,nat/google/x-dawrumfdbsidalbn,gkalsi,rajaniemi.freenode.net
shreyax,182.54.148.146.bc.googleusercontent.com,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
dostoyevsky,213.73.96.62,Trust my intuition!,wilhelm.freenode.net
halfline,nat/redhat/x-lbsxpijfftcekbad,Ray Strode,tepper.freenode.net
matt_c,162.243.108.144,Matt Croydon,orwell.freenode.net
espes,205.185.120.132,espes,wolfe.freenode.net
juergbi,jsky.paldo.org,Jürg Billeter,orwell.freenode.net
toshik,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kjtrkcnaerfbciwu,Toshi Kikuchi,tepper.freenode.net
kragniz,nyaa.kragniz.eu,kragniz,asimov.freenode.net
sadmac,2001:4800:7810:512:68cc:5841:ff04:98cc,Casey Dahlin,wilhelm.freenode.net
jamesr_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-guroztkisxlevkhy,James Robinson,karatkievich.freenode.net
Napalm|afk,unaffiliated/napalm,Napalm,orwell.freenode.net
CapNemo,c-73-33-103-172.hsd1.nj.comcast.net,Nicolas Dufour,tepper.freenode.net
KDDLB,losno.co,Kevin Doncam Demian López Brante,karatkievich.freenode.net
ortuno,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wdkfyuivmlqjmbch,Giovanni Ortuno,wolfe.freenode.net
aarongreen,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bprltenexwrzolzp,adage,wilhelm.freenode.net
Beato,unaffiliated/beato,Beato,sinisalo.freenode.net
anmittal,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gcqbfcxhnazduhuc,Ankur Mittal,wilhelm.freenode.net
matiasduarte,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yuirhmsqxcqtfvwl,Matias Duarte,wilhelm.freenode.net
hacst,unaffiliated/hacst,hacst,niven.freenode.net
merry,calpol.us,Maribel,karatkievich.freenode.net
phosek,nat/google/x-fkihxfbcwbeyturl,Petr Hosek,wilhelm.freenode.net
qsr,nat/google/x-dlemflwktqfsuccu,Benjamin Lerman,wilhelm.freenode.net
Shakeel__,cpe-65-190-131-178.nc.res.rr.com,Shakeel Mahate,karatkievich.freenode.net
dan-,freenode/corporate-sponsor/privateinternetaccess.com/doaks,Nyan nyan,sinisalo.freenode.net
nebadon,c-69-248-63-104.hsd1.nj.comcast.net,Nebadon,wolfe.freenode.net
Chris,spy/chris,Chris,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dotdot,ny.algorhyt.hm,dotdot,karatkievich.freenode.net
cdesai,cyanogenmod/maintainer/cdesai,Chirayu Desai,wilhelm.freenode.net
dreamss,to1.hashbang.sh,bitch i eat people,tepper.freenode.net
cnxsoft,118.174.86.233,cnxsoft,leguin.freenode.net
SirCmpwn,irc.sircmpwn.com,Drew DeVault,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
zbowling,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gbmwhmhvczgskyeq,Zac Bowling,niven.freenode.net
dje,nat/google/x-xftjmdqlpppbuyqa,Doug Evans,leguin.freenode.net
Anathema,191.233.85.220,anathema,verne.freenode.net
kulakowski,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ujoifpwrmhwygkai,George Kulakowski,card.freenode.net
lanechr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rgvnoplqmorppixk,Christopher Lane,sinisalo.freenode.net
kode54,losno.co,Christopher Snowhill,card.freenode.net
yky,nat/google/x-gsimwybhvyfsuvpe,yky,verne.freenode.net
Tartarus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ukorjvgqlgelmssg,Tom Rini,wolfe.freenode.net
Marqin,spiramirabilis.net,Marqin,niven.freenode.net
cpu,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-luxiaxccqpgjotph,cpu,adams.freenode.net
Spydar007,unaffiliated/spydar007,Darcy Marshall,card.freenode.net
mckillop,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-loleuivnasvgtldd,Chris McKillop,hitchcock.freenode.net
smklein,nat/google/x-qnkbptjjxnrrfdkj,smklein,wolfe.freenode.net
jonasbits,213-21-80-56.customer.t3.se,Jonas �stman,asimov.freenode.net
troy_s,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-krhcjagbjszwwcdv,troy_s,wilhelm.freenode.net
dreamss2,sf1.hashbang.sh,bitch i eat people,tepper.freenode.net
Jacob______,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jfgujddzphkfvbah,Jacob Rosenthal,karatkievich.freenode.net
luckcolors,163.172.174.138,luckcolors,barjavel.freenode.net
mulvane,freebsd/user/mulvane,Mulvane Mo'Suldex,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ybden,unaffiliated/ybden,Ralph Holmes,leguin.freenode.net
_mike_f_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-psfklizcilzocdqz,Michael Fleming,wolfe.freenode.net
anthony_durity,leto.electropoiesis.org,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
dbarrett,unaffiliated/dbarrett,dbarrett,niven.freenode.net
brucem,unaffiliated/brucem,Bruce,karatkievich.freenode.net
marcelh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-opcduzzfyvjmkdug,Marcel,wolfe.freenode.net
riajuung,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jvpqtquhlmurbjwm,riajuung,niven.freenode.net
rustor_,static.32.55.201.138.clients.your-server.de,Patrick,karatkievich.freenode.net
Madison,unaffiliated/phalanxia,Madison,leguin.freenode.net
reda,unaffiliated/reda,reda,rajaniemi.freenode.net
octarine,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gmtjgswdrmiyhblf,josh,wolfe.freenode.net
raphlinus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uemoirrrlkzjvasq,Raph Levien,karatkievich.freenode.net
q3k,psychosis.q3k.org,q3k,card.freenode.net
deltab,ds6266.dedicated.turbodns.co.uk,deltab,niven.freenode.net
zoa,lnd.mn,Billy Lindeman,karatkievich.freenode.net
eddyb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vctucmczeixpakxv,eddyb,card.freenode.net
albertito,unaffiliated/alb,Alberto Bertogli,card.freenode.net
hugelgupf,2a03:b0c0:1:d0::66:e001,german,wilhelm.freenode.net
niekie,unaffiliated/niek,Niek Bergman,card.freenode.net
trungl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gscebqlkuamqzgrz,Viet-Trung Luu,wolfe.freenode.net
tvoss,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jfvzsxeocmoivkmo,Thomas Voß,wilhelm.freenode.net
cjb,subway.printf.net,Chris Ball,verne.freenode.net
cja,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kufgnhjziabrjias,Christopher Anderson,wolfe.freenode.net
_desu___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vnvlrqhqanhsofgk,Ayy,leguin.freenode.net
spruit11,ip56522cc1.speed.planet.nl,I am unknown,card.freenode.net
dalesat,gateway/web/freenode/ip.74.125.59.6,74.125.59.6 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
povik,37.205.8.95,povik,card.freenode.net
newsham,udp217044uds.hawaiiantel.net,ex falso quodlibet,weber.freenode.net
dreese_,li799-70.members.linode.com,Doug Reese,orwell.freenode.net
etiennej,104.132.117.73,Etienne Membrives,barjavel.freenode.net
synec,loveless.viscous.org,synec,adams.freenode.net
jaster,unaffiliated/jaster,jaster,wolfe.freenode.net
chee,fsf/member/chee,chee,verne.freenode.net
naseer,znc.codeaurora.org,Naseer,verne.freenode.net
freiling,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xghbvfcoievtmuaj,Forrest Reiling,wolfe.freenode.net
scottmg_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ogbastummmfopeab,Scott Graham,wilhelm.freenode.net
ptx,5.186.53.38,ptx,sinisalo.freenode.net
timroes,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ydqvmgwalhlhdxpq,Tim Roes,hitchcock.freenode.net
rntz,96-95-216-165-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
gsk,158.54.196.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,kalsig,card.freenode.net
Phergie,104.236.252.178,Matthew Turland,asimov.freenode.net
syntacticNaCl,2604:a880:800:10::4001,Jedi Knight,adams.freenode.net
chasepeeler,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cjwiwnslkhwwcbce,Chase Peeler,wilhelm.freenode.net
matthewtrask,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zgvyjmbmusmnvgqe,Matthew Trask,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ramsey,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nyubtffrpgeohwss,Ben Ramsey,adams.freenode.net
rpifan,73.106.73.100,rpi,hitchcock.freenode.net
jpcorry,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-txwkfzgjwecgqzsi,John Corry,wolfe.freenode.net
nicrosental,c-24-72-249-243.ni.gigamonster.net,nic,leguin.freenode.net
cspruck,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xisfwqhzilhjiavm,Chris Spruck,wilhelm.freenode.net
heiglandreas,heigl.gw.tgnet.de,Andreas Heigl,orwell.freenode.net
night,unaffiliated/adifex,Adifex,weber.freenode.net
OldCoder,unaffiliated/oldcoder,OldCoder,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Matthew_,wikimedia/matthewrbowker,matthewrbowker,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
wm-bot5,wikimedia/bot/wm-bot,wm-bot,card.freenode.net
sysdef,debiancenter/founder.developer/pdpc.professional.sysdef,J. Heine,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
r2d2,debiancenter.org,a anti-botnet bot from sysdef' - v. 0.8 - contact:,hitchcock.freenode.net
hydraze,pdpc/supporter/student/hydraze,no,rajaniemi.freenode.net
francois_cecon,2a01:e35:8a4f:b930:c834:11d3:d6d2:1673,francois_cecon***,adams.freenode.net
waloo,195-154-217-16.rev.poneytelecom.eu,waloo,barjavel.freenode.net
beniz,195-154-93-31.rev.poneytelecom.eu,beniz,leguin.freenode.net
cthuluh,chomsky.autogeree.net,Jérémie Courrèges-Anglas,barjavel.freenode.net
piti,pdpc/supporter/active/piti,me,adams.freenode.net
Sp4rKy,freenode/sponsor/domogik.founder.sp4rky,Maxence DUNNEWIND,asimov.freenode.net
Ool,unaffiliated/ool,Ool,karatkievich.freenode.net
agarwaen,deckard.agarwaen.net,Agarwaen,barjavel.freenode.net
patinux,unaffiliated/patinux,patinux,karatkievich.freenode.net
ZorbaGama,skynet.pavlovian.net,phear a man who carries a koosh,asimov.freenode.net
Thorarin,D57DD135.static.ziggozakelijk.nl,SubSpace,adams.freenode.net
seebs,home.seebs.net,Seebs,card.freenode.net
Cidan,conspiracy/developer/Cidan,cidan,wolfe.freenode.net
vnc,37.120.170.92,vnc,sinisalo.freenode.net
purl,rikers.org,TimRiker's infobot,sinisalo.freenode.net
dolby,MMOI/Administrator/pdpc.silver.dolby,Tom Finn,wolfe.freenode.net
Torhal,45.79.214.180,Torhal,wolfe.freenode.net
Repo,69.85.223.171,CurseForge Repo Bot,weber.freenode.net
Noshei,2601:283:4200:3250:8958:f2f7:f0b8:8fa9,Noshei,karatkievich.freenode.net
Fisker,how.i.met.your.developersdevelopersdevelopers.dk,N/A,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Kaelten,WoWUIDev/WoWAce/WoWIFA/CurseStaff/kaelten,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
Cairenn1,CPEb4750e4c859c-CM84948c318d70.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,purple,hitchcock.freenode.net
midnightmagic,unaffiliated/midnightmagic,midnightmagic,weber.freenode.net
ratoder,static.111.19.201.138.clients.your-server.de, Java IRC Bot,asimov.freenode.net
LeMiner,5ED1AFBF.cm-7-2c.dynamic.ziggo.nl,LeMiner,weber.freenode.net
blkdb,2a01:4f8:140:1407::2,Supybot 0.83.4.1,adams.freenode.net
crudel,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-qegvgzsnjgmsvvpn,crudel,wilhelm.freenode.net
CubicEarth,c-50-159-126-21.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,CubicEarth,wolfe.freenode.net
prosody,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-okwbtnfulegpqetx,.'rosody Vereable Context(°,adams.freenode.net
dizko,tokyo.lotek.org,disco,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dgenr8,unaffiliated/dgenr8,dgenr8,karatkievich.freenode.net
shesek,bzq-84-110-57-133.cablep.bezeqint.net,shesek,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lesderid,anna.lesderid.net,Les De Ridder,wilhelm.freenode.net
ffmad_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mouvjriowhhxxcug,ffmad,adams.freenode.net
MCM-Mike,unaffiliated/mcm-mike,Mike,wolfe.freenode.net
CustosL1men,unaffiliated/cust0slim3n,CustosLimen,weber.freenode.net
Nuggernogger,unaffiliated/nuggernogger,Nuggernogger,barjavel.freenode.net
solatis,gateway/shell/firrre/x-abdwlarjwqdynvya,Leon Mergen,wilhelm.freenode.net
blazeme8,downtime.rocks,blazeme8,verne.freenode.net
BGL,75-149-171-58-Washington.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,BGLWrK,barjavel.freenode.net
windsok,45.63.59.8,windsok,adams.freenode.net
crescendo,unaffiliated/crescendo,mozart,sinisalo.freenode.net
luke-jr,unaffiliated/luke-jr,Luke Dashjr,hitchcock.freenode.net
mr_burdell,unaffiliated/mr-burdell/x-7609603,george,verne.freenode.net
SoreGums,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-munpgltkizawtene,SoreGums,wilhelm.freenode.net
flyingkiwi,manu.backend.hamburg,flyingkiwi,karatkievich.freenode.net
Fistful_of_Coins,162.243.79.19,Fistfulofbitcoins.com,asimov.freenode.net
mogreen,unaffiliated/mogreen,mogreen,sinisalo.freenode.net
forrestv,unaffiliated/forrestv,Forrest Voight,niven.freenode.net
justanotheruser,unaffiliated/justanotheruser,Justan,adams.freenode.net
Lightsword,107.170.253.193,James,niven.freenode.net
tadasv,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-spkxovlcbhzhkkgj,tadasv,niven.freenode.net
rafalcpp,84-10-11-234.static.chello.pl,Rafal Cpp,tepper.freenode.net
treehug88,cpe-68-173-227-135.nyc.res.rr.com,Textual User,barjavel.freenode.net
eragmus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ryomcompfzoohwlo,eragmus,wolfe.freenode.net
perlbot,simcop2387.info,perlbot,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
pppingme,unaffiliated/pppingme,pppingme,leguin.freenode.net
ITechGeek,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lynqceletauzlatx,https://keybase.io/itechgeek,rajaniemi.freenode.net
thrak_,li506-236.members.linode.com,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
koma,unaffiliated/koma,k-,adams.freenode.net
dazo,openvpn/corp/developer/dazo,David S.,karatkievich.freenode.net
ghormoon,ghorland.net,Jiri 'Ghormoon' Novak,wilhelm.freenode.net
limpkin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-frukujvobiddjahi,limpkin,adams.freenode.net
wbnns,21/bitcoin/binns,Will Binns,adams.freenode.net
sn0wmonster,taskhive/developer/sn0wmonster,Skifree Snowmonster,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
xCore,unaffiliated/xc0r3,xCore,adams.freenode.net
Residiv1st,gateway/shell/xshellz/x-fbbzgmdwzxbuokmv,What are you looking for?,barjavel.freenode.net
raSter^,01111010.01101110.01100011.firrre.com,rrrasterrr,rajaniemi.freenode.net
CaptainShell,bitcoinshell.mooo.com,The Captain of this shell server.,karatkievich.freenode.net
riddle,us.yunix.net,decadance,karatkievich.freenode.net
zamba,flage.org,Marius Flage,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Walex,SMTP.sabi.co.UK,http://WWW.sabi.co.UK/,sinisalo.freenode.net
funnel,unaffiliated/espiral,funnel,hitchcock.freenode.net
systmkor,unaffiliated/systmkor,systmkor,niven.freenode.net
andyhhp,default-46-102-197-194.interdsl.co.uk,Andrew Cooper,niven.freenode.net
r04r,unaffiliated/r04r,r04r,asimov.freenode.net
lephisto,mephis.to,mephisto,sinisalo.freenode.net
klys,45.55.20.239,Mdasoh Kyaeppd,wolfe.freenode.net
Shannon_zhao,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fakrtrthgkdfszyo,Shannon,wilhelm.freenode.net
Robby,chillum.thcgirls.com,Robby,niven.freenode.net
Epakai,47.188.49.58,Joshua Honeycutt,weber.freenode.net
andyhhp__,ks399343.kimsufi.com,Andrew Cooper,niven.freenode.net
hecliunyx,45.63.76.107,hecliunyx,leguin.freenode.net
sphenxes,81-5-225-9.hdsl.highway.telekom.at,sphenxes,orwell.freenode.net
adhawkins,musicbrainz/user/adhawkins,Andy Hawkins,wolfe.freenode.net
skylite_,5402F4F5.dsl.pool.telekom.hu,skylite,adams.freenode.net
dmz,unaffiliated/dmz,David M. Zendzian,weber.freenode.net
antonym,openstack/spy,spy,wolfe.freenode.net
infernix,unaffiliated/infernix,the funk phenomena,weber.freenode.net
diabel,pi3.com.pl,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
blinky42,jabber.blinkylight.net,blinky,leguin.freenode.net
lkoranda,nat/redhat/x-abbdzmvognypdtnh,L.K.,adams.freenode.net
empty11,62.109.134.112,~,sinisalo.freenode.net
brot,quassel/contributors/brot,brot,weber.freenode.net
pasik,reaktio.net,Pasi K�rkk�inen,orwell.freenode.net
Hunger-,prodevops.net,EGO,adams.freenode.net
diederik,unaffiliated/diederik,Diederik de Haas,barjavel.freenode.net
iooioo,adsl115.uninet.ee,purple,card.freenode.net
autofly,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe3b:739f,ai,sinisalo.freenode.net
zaf,76.72.92.37,NOPE,barjavel.freenode.net
ackjewt,muffins.ninja,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
viaCrucis,91.33.233.220.static.exetel.com.au,realname,card.freenode.net
deHakkelaar,ip90-103-210-87.adsl2.static.versatel.nl,deHakkelaar,tepper.freenode.net
Resnik,37.247.52.207,Resnik,tepper.freenode.net
seba,kratzbaum.someserver.de,Sebastian,barjavel.freenode.net
kynzie,ip-231.net-82-216-90.rev.numericable.fr,kynzie,tepper.freenode.net
AndrewX192,unaffiliated/andrewx192,Andrew Sorensen,sinisalo.freenode.net
mario,unaffiliated/mario,Nothing here, move along.,adams.freenode.net
Nikhil_D,192.91.75.29,Nikhil Devshatwar,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sp4rKy,freenode/sponsor/domogik.founder.sp4rky,Maxence DUNNEWIND,asimov.freenode.net
Azrael_-,adsl-84-226-123-89.adslplus.ch,awefz,card.freenode.net
Makere,jebula.net,Kaarlo Mäkelä,asimov.freenode.net
flaviof,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gshgibtkmvellyyk,Flavio Fernandes,wilhelm.freenode.net
Scramblejams,ip174-65-69-237.sd.sd.cox.net,Steve,wolfe.freenode.net
Hello71,wikipedia/Hello71,Hello71,weber.freenode.net
P2Vme,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zfcjfmzikzvfaesq,Phillip Jones,wilhelm.freenode.net
cjp256,chrispatterson.net,cjp256,karatkievich.freenode.net
thunderbirdtr,fedora/thunderbirdtr,thunderbirdtr,karatkievich.freenode.net
johndoe_,ipbcc14efb.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
djinni`,68.ip-149-56-14.net,djinni,weber.freenode.net
GJdan_,d216-232-149-9.bchsia.telus.net,dan,hitchcock.freenode.net
alexxy,gentoo/developer/alexxy,Alexey Shvetsov,sinisalo.freenode.net
daltenty,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cnkfrwtcdnaitjof,David Tenty,adams.freenode.net
nikade,rdns.se,mjew,wolfe.freenode.net
KillerOfGiants,pool-173-61-39-17.cmdnnj.fios.verizon.net,realname,verne.freenode.net
FL1SK,96-18-175-161.cpe.cableone.net,Cameron Seader,card.freenode.net
Bryanstein,shellium/admin/bryanstein,Bryan Smith,asimov.freenode.net
sudhackar,13.76.43.189,sudhackar,adams.freenode.net
sonne,unaffiliated/sonne,Alessandro Grassi,adams.freenode.net
waqstar,unaffiliated/waqstar,waqark,orwell.freenode.net
rapis__,elena.ysr.jp,doggie wanwan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nopf,felderundfiguren.de,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
vrishab,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-fizdbyxosqqjbhes,vrishab,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Guest23950,repeater.binarycpu.net,Binary Computer Solutions, Inc,weber.freenode.net
Tristam,bodhilinux/team/Tristam,Tristam Hunter,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sigjuice,107.170.193.86,kill -JUICE $$,weber.freenode.net
kmpearson,cpe-67-241-56-43.twcny.res.rr.com,Kevin,adams.freenode.net
lastmikoi,vm-01.lastmikoi.net,lastmikoi,kornbluth.freenode.net
tomocha_______,2001:e40:104::1,tomocha,adams.freenode.net
arapaho,2001:bc8:2100:101::2,arapaho,adams.freenode.net
mparisi,107.181.152.106,Marcelo Parisi,adams.freenode.net
HJess,null.daligraf.dk,Ask me,sinisalo.freenode.net
wmp,sored/admin/wmp,WMP,karatkievich.freenode.net
kvanderw,mds-65-64-85-240.meridiandata.com,Kurt Vanderwater,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lars_kurth,xenbits.xenproject.org,Kurth",tepper.freenode.net
Strog,unaffiliated/strog,strog,weber.freenode.net
Gm4n,unaffiliated/gm4n,Gm4n,asimov.freenode.net
thuttu77,82-181-33-81.bb.dnainternet.fi,Tero Huttunen,leguin.freenode.net
t0aster0ven,gateway/tor-sasl/iaeofjgskjb,I'mATree,zelazny.freenode.net
cryptic,67-8-35-31.res.bhn.net,cryptic-,adams.freenode.net
Martin`,shell.ipv6.octocore.net,Martin,leguin.freenode.net
_br__,static.88-198-25-34.clients.your-server.de,root,barjavel.freenode.net
Werring,hex.shardsoffate.eu,Werring,adams.freenode.net
tuxlovesyou,172.242.239.209,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
Laurent`2,81.13.195.160,Laurent,karatkievich.freenode.net
Ool,unaffiliated/ool,Ool,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tenhi,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,Kauan,sinisalo.freenode.net
markovh,unaffiliated/markovh,my real name is,card.freenode.net
Namidairo,unaffiliated/namidairo,Oh Hai Thar,roddenberry.freenode.net
bdmc,drochaid.buadh-brath.com,Brian McCullough,adams.freenode.net
f3d,vingilot.zepl.net,f3d,adams.freenode.net
telius,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gcjaivschukceltn,telius,adams.freenode.net
daemonkeeper,debian/developer/arno,arno,niven.freenode.net
_0x5eb_,seb-hpws2.w1.tele.crt1.net,Seb,karatkievich.freenode.net
awafaa,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sepaadoyxfweicxh,Andrew Wafaa,card.freenode.net
dariof,80.66.223.24,Dario Faggioli,card.freenode.net
ignasr,78-61-192-63.static.zebra.lt,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
GregRH,2a00:d880:6:5db::2857:2,Greg,wolfe.freenode.net
WebDawg,officialg0d.com,webdawg,orwell.freenode.net
bitchecker,31.131.20.132,bitchecker,adams.freenode.net
vlt,lvps87-230-93-209.dedicated.hosteurope.de,nobody,wilhelm.freenode.net
ghormoon,ghorland.net,Jiri 'Ghormoon' Novak,wilhelm.freenode.net
r3qnet,cpe-104-35-253-155.socal.res.rr.com,purple,wilhelm.freenode.net
subdriven,securabit/listener/subdriven,subdriven,karatkievich.freenode.net
eki,dsl-hkibrasgw3-58c3d9-104.dhcp.inet.fi,eki,leguin.freenode.net
rogerh,ip202-37-70-18.satlan.co.nz,Roger Hardy,orwell.freenode.net
AstralStorm,unaffiliated/astralstorm,Radoslaw Szkodzinski,verne.freenode.net
moul,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mnodhmntplbtvzrx,moul,karatkievich.freenode.net
zitune,quarantedeux.bearstech.com,Zitune,wilhelm.freenode.net
MacGyver,unaffiliated/macgyvernl,MacGyver,niven.freenode.net
denta,mentaltborta.nu,denta,orwell.freenode.net
Cubber,mail.adirondackitsolutions.com,Ronny L. Bull,verne.freenode.net
skirk,pdpc/supporter/professional/stuartmi,I will always be skirk,wilhelm.freenode.net
SeeYou,s178255148171.blix.com,NoOne,niven.freenode.net
dober,unaffiliated/dober,_,weber.freenode.net
cory__,216.16.227.17,cory,verne.freenode.net
Maximusi,80.229.132.105,Max Carpenter,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rektide_,eldergods.com,rektide,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
dlan,gentoo/developer/dlan,lan,hitchcock.freenode.net
workbench,wnpgmb0311w-ds01-66-114.dynamic.mtsallstream.net,Admin,wilhelm.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
pigeon,eth5284.nsw.adsl.internode.on.net,Pigeon,tepper.freenode.net
mnemoc,kwa.jpi.io,Alejandro Mery,leguin.freenode.net
evilicey,foonix.foonet.net,Justin Ovens,card.freenode.net
glfernando,134.134.137.75,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
bugoff,rowlf.x-plose.be,Bram,wilhelm.freenode.net
glfernando_,nat/intel/x-lzwxgbmbhjynihhr,realname,adams.freenode.net
syzdek,kite.bindlebinaries.com,syzdek,wolfe.freenode.net
fallenbeck,db.webstreams.de,Niels,orwell.freenode.net
aegis,unaffiliated/aegis,aegis,card.freenode.net
Suic1deJ4ck,199.4.143.205,realname,leguin.freenode.net
alamar,oops.kernel.de,Julian D. Seifert,leguin.freenode.net
konrad,inet-hqmc07-o.oracle.com,Konrad Rzeszutek Wilk,wilhelm.freenode.net
ktemkin,irc.ktemkin.com,Kyle J. Temkin,hitchcock.freenode.net
Wonka,madwifi/support/wonka,Wonka,hitchcock.freenode.net
znf,unu.card-sharing.eu,Bogdan,barjavel.freenode.net
gmcharlt,www.librarypolice.com,Galen Charlton,weber.freenode.net
d1b,linode.d1b.org,db,hitchcock.freenode.net
PaulePanter,mail.gw90.de,Paul Menzel,card.freenode.net
nagetier,unaffiliated/acl,nagetier,adams.freenode.net
Stealth,sourcemage/archon/stealth,V,rajaniemi.freenode.net
shabius,broadband-46-188-78-141.2com.net,*,weber.freenode.net
danieldg,about/networking/240.0.0.0/danieldg,Why don't you ask me?,weber.freenode.net
tumdedum,unaffiliated/espiral,tum-de-dum,card.freenode.net
perceive,ppp59-167-182-232.vic.adsl.internode.on.net,perceive,roddenberry.freenode.net
HalfEatenPie,unaffiliated/halfeatenpie,HalfEatenPie,karatkievich.freenode.net
ws2k3,bnc.freegamehosting.eu,FGH / #Gamehosting Admin,weber.freenode.net
Perun,89.238.78.61,slowianin,card.freenode.net
cyborg-one,185.145.107.89,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
ScrumpyJack,st.ilet.to,Jack,barjavel.freenode.net
noah2,ip192-95-54-84.customers.ztnhosting.net,this is noah,asimov.freenode.net
john51,15255.s.t4vps.eu,John,sinisalo.freenode.net
raub,cpe-107-15-38-169.nc.res.rr.com,Me,wolfe.freenode.net
sean,195-154-109-172.rev.poneytelecom.eu,sean,hitchcock.freenode.net
murasakiiru,195.154.45.193,Murasakiiru,barjavel.freenode.net
jrun,unaffiliated/glphvgacs,dalee,weber.freenode.net
zzarr,h83-209-217-68.cust.se.alltele.net,Rasmus Jonsson,hitchcock.freenode.net
palexster,161.105.209.130,palexster,hitchcock.freenode.net
Keitaro,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-lbgnaiqaabzctbdq,LayerBNC - At Your Fingertips!,adams.freenode.net
TheLinuxBug,181.41.197.210,31337,asimov.freenode.net
somepoortech,72-0-128-202.static.firstlight.net,Jon,barjavel.freenode.net
[NoClan]GoAway,46.166.170.43,GoAway,tepper.freenode.net
pjm6,gtdei-nat-sic.dei.uc.pt,admin,wilhelm.freenode.net
ross`,68.171.222.93,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
K1rk,158.69.167.167,Kirk,card.freenode.net
CRCinAU,another.bloody.irc.session.from.crc.id.au,Steve,hitchcock.freenode.net
Kevin`,99-96-57-112.lightspeed.milwwi.sbcglobal.net,kevin,hitchcock.freenode.net
twisted`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmeuevvcnrsegdxc,twisted,karatkievich.freenode.net
bsamson,24-177-113-174.dhcp.mdsn.wi.charter.com,Brian Samson,asimov.freenode.net
reynir,unaffiliated/reynir,reynir,niven.freenode.net
PryMar56,unaffiliated/prymar56,Mark Pryor,karatkievich.freenode.net
doug_ndndn,217-68-249-8.dslgateway.co.uk,purple,orwell.freenode.net
robher,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xspqcnpzjkmvnjan,Rob Herring,adams.freenode.net
setheus,107-203-153-73.lightspeed.rcsntx.sbcglobal.net,setheus,card.freenode.net
Floppe,2001:14b8:1d3::100,Jokke,wilhelm.freenode.net
Cardoe,gentoo/developer/Cardoe,Cardoe,barjavel.freenode.net
jpo,unaffiliated/jpo,Jean-Philippe Ouellet,adams.freenode.net
johnLate,lexington.scnr.net,johnLate,weber.freenode.net
APTX,unaffiliated/aptx,APTX,karatkievich.freenode.net
inara,68.ip-149-56-14.net,inara,karatkievich.freenode.net
BlackPanx_,93-103-10-34.static.t-2.net,http://blackbird.si,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gardar,bnc.giraffi.net,gardar,card.freenode.net
Shentino,gentoo/contributor/shentino,John Doe,sinisalo.freenode.net
ratMin,82.131.87.238.cable.starman.ee,Bad van Daal,sinisalo.freenode.net
pj,centos/ops/pj,pj,karatkievich.freenode.net
alex65,unaffiliated/alex65,Tony,wilhelm.freenode.net
laurent\,unaffiliated/laurent/x-4048133,none,sinisalo.freenode.net
chmurifree,31-178-100-233.dynamic.chello.pl,chmurifree,leguin.freenode.net
jetlag,c-71-226-222-56.hsd1.nj.comcast.net,jet lag,tepper.freenode.net
LaserAllan_,campnorthernlight.com,Got ZNC?,verne.freenode.net
FractalDactyl,unaffiliated/fractaldactyl,FractalDactyl,orwell.freenode.net
Twinge,c-71-237-107-72.hsd1.co.comcast.net,darktwinge,verne.freenode.net
drakekin,host86-177-64-68.range86-177.btcentralplus.com,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
sae_,195-154-99-12.rev.poneytelecom.eu,sae,wolfe.freenode.net
johnstein,192.73.239.18,johnstein,orwell.freenode.net
kichawa,unaffiliated/kichawa,kichawa,card.freenode.net
morsik,darkserver.it,Konrad Mosoń,asimov.freenode.net
qrzy,static-5-135-27-14.openhades.com,Qrzy,weber.freenode.net
kkonrad,m058.class100.petrotel.pl,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
kwachu,idzie-rak-nieborak-jak-ugryzie-bedzie-kwach.pl,kwachu,asimov.freenode.net
Teeed,na1noc.pl,teeed,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sebus,193.150.43.27,Sebastian,hitchcock.freenode.net
Cld_,195.88.84.147,Cld,orwell.freenode.net
Iiiak,nexus.fricouv.eu,Vincent Fricou,adams.freenode.net
neodiablow,ks3370478.kimsufi.com,neodiablow,wolfe.freenode.net
jvoisin,dustri.org,jvoisin,verne.freenode.net
Scurz,green.snurf.info,sfantar,karatkievich.freenode.net
iooner,2001:41d0:a:5b1d::1:20,iooner,wilhelm.freenode.net
jeanjack,unaffiliated/dia,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
Cytheria,unaffiliated/cytheria,Justine M.,asimov.freenode.net
Skia,ks3361627.kimsufi.com,Hyask,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
eth0__,ks380684.kimsufi.com,eth0,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gordonzola,212.129.4.87,gordon,wolfe.freenode.net
myrdin,226-1-190-109.dsl.ovh.fr,myrdin,leguin.freenode.net
valvin,45.32.239.240,valvin,adams.freenode.net
fkautz,pdpc/supporter/student/qv,fkautz,wolfe.freenode.net
cwensel,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bpfvqadrofenrqbb,Chris K Wensel,adams.freenode.net
llbg,ec2-52-23-200-7.compute-1.amazonaws.com,lenny,adams.freenode.net
mccraig_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hfrvxrielepcjglz,mccraigmccraig of the clan mccraig,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
sorenmacbeth,booty.expert,Soren Macbeth,karatkievich.freenode.net
dsantiago,cpe-76-169-178-51.socal.res.rr.com,dsantiago,leguin.freenode.net
arkadefr,163.172.163.141,arkadefr,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
lisael,62-210-237-25.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Bruno,asimov.freenode.net
No`,iru64-1-88-171-157-86.fbx.proxad.net,Bruno Bord,verne.freenode.net
Karpalosuo,192.241.237.138,Karpalosuo,weber.freenode.net
Vesto,kapsi.fi,Eetu Hämäläinen,sinisalo.freenode.net
temmi_hoo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vinntixaptphvwna,Teemu Hakala,niven.freenode.net
Satekai,dsl-prvbrasgw1-58c00a-117.dhcp.inet.fi,Satekai,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Rjs,kekkonen.niksula.hut.fi,Riku Saikkonen,wolfe.freenode.net
leonarven,irc.leonarven.info,Miro Nieminen,karatkievich.freenode.net
Gretchen,hilla.kapsi.fi,Kuuris,card.freenode.net
