msm,unaffiliated/msm,Work Horse,karatkievich.freenode.net
joone,134.134.139.76,Joone Hur,wilhelm.freenode.net
clopez,neutrino.es,clopez,verne.freenode.net
sadrulhc,2620:15c:0:1:6c0c:a6cf:94d6:f64c,purple,rajaniemi.freenode.net
camako,47.184.164.20,Cemil Azizoglu,karatkievich.freenode.net
IOBN,58.87.61.214,realname,card.freenode.net
dobson,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dobson,weber.freenode.net
rakuco,kde/developer/rkcosta,Raphael Kubo da Costa,verne.freenode.net
kpschoedel,2620:15c:0:11:60d0:b0d6:3484:846a,purple,leguin.freenode.net
tonikitoo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-psawyeyikpjocvca,Antonio Gomes,leguin.freenode.net
spang,104.132.62.81,Michael Spang,wilhelm.freenode.net
spacedentist,hunson.server.spacedentist.net,Sven Over,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
dv__,62-178-118-86.cable.dynamic.surfer.at,dv dwed,weber.freenode.net
kalyanat,50-39-171-76.bvtn.or.frontiernet.net,Kalyan Kondapally,karatkievich.freenode.net
kcaj,unaffiliated/kcaj,kcaj,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Ishaq,budgetnode/management,Ishaq,karatkievich.freenode.net
rmlhhd,unaffiliated/rmlhhd,Ryan,weber.freenode.net
hiya,gateway/shell/hiyabnc/x-luatrgdggnmarszx,hiya,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Ar0xA,unaffiliated/sphaz,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
wirehack7,unaffiliated/wirehack7,wirehack7,niven.freenode.net
localhost,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pwvcvitbiptkospi,wirecloud7,adams.freenode.net
mrb3n813,199.189.191.30,mrb3n813,karatkievich.freenode.net
mr_h4sh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eaeyitwxdlyvajoj,mr_h4sh,wolfe.freenode.net
barrebas,unaffiliated/barrebas,bas,hitchcock.freenode.net
Swappage,unaffiliated/swappage,rampage,hitchcock.freenode.net
m3g9tr0n,li1245-242.members.linode.com,m3g9tr0n,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jdoelger,unaffiliated/jdoelger,jdoelger,wolfe.freenode.net
unlogic,unaffiliated/unlogic,unlogic,wolfe.freenode.net
leonjza,unaffiliated/leonjza,user,adams.freenode.net
malprxctice,unaffiliated/malprxctice,frustated techie,barjavel.freenode.net
eip`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-meowvqkvfnauuylc,eiphunter,wolfe.freenode.net
rekt-bot,unaffiliated/bot/unlogic/rekt-bot,rekt,sinisalo.freenode.net
anadahz,unaffiliated/anadahz,anadahz,karatkievich.freenode.net
Prometheas__,37.139.3.158,misaakidis,wolfe.freenode.net
fotis2,2001:41d0:8:e5b6::1,Fotis Georgatos,wilhelm.freenode.net
sagarhani,fedora/sagarhani,sagarhani,leguin.freenode.net
bsc,wikisource/Balasankarc,Balasankar C,adams.freenode.net
Guest62421,gateway/shell/firrre/x-vhpsftkgnxyxpcre,Jishnu,leguin.freenode.net
grambot,ec2-54-165-120-150.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nodeJS IRC client,adams.freenode.net
Polar,arunprasannan.com,Arun Prasannan,wilhelm.freenode.net
nitcbot,ec2-54-172-193-200.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nodeJS IRC client,barjavel.freenode.net
copyninja,samsargika.copyninja.info,Vasudeva Kamath,,,,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
wm-bot4,wikimedia/bot/wm-bot,wm-bot,card.freenode.net
asdofindia,gateway/shell/firrre/x-shykpjizcdviacyr,akshay,wilhelm.freenode.net
santhosh,gateway/shell/firrre/x-xqqvdpmcygvqexqb,Santhosh Thottingal,wilhelm.freenode.net
FireEgl,2604:2d80:8410:8126:d93b:53e0:ae:205e,FireEagle,rajaniemi.freenode.net
eggDev,edward.eggheads.org,PircBotX 2.0.1, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bo,weber.freenode.net
Kiril,freebsd/lover/kiril,Genius,hitchcock.freenode.net
Ritche,eggheads/staff/soulesss,Ritche,wolfe.freenode.net
guppy,guppy.rocks,Jeff Fisher,rajaniemi.freenode.net
SpiKe^^,unaffiliated/spike/x-4353294,George Thorogood,karatkievich.freenode.net
Cizzle,unaffiliated/cizzle,Izzle,leguin.freenode.net
simple,eggdrop/alumni/simple,skralg,asimov.freenode.net
jackal^,jackal6.efnet.co,damage jackal,niven.freenode.net
Robby,chillum.thcgirls.com,Robby,niven.freenode.net
Spirit,darkaeon.net,myth,leguin.freenode.net
boubou,unaffiliated/boubou,boubou,verne.freenode.net
karakedi,unaffiliated/orphan,ePlus1.2e(SMIRCv00.68),card.freenode.net
Geo,unaffiliated/geo,Genior Scase,barjavel.freenode.net
LIFE^,life.virtualvps.eu,LIFE,kornbluth.freenode.net
thommey,lib.so,thommey,karatkievich.freenode.net
Pixelz,pix.pp.se,Norma Jeane Baker,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
bdrewery,freebsd/developer/bdrewery,Bryan Drewery <bdrewery@FreeBSD.org>,leguin.freenode.net
Eggdrop,eggheads/bot/Eggdrop,Eggdrop,barjavel.freenode.net
EtienneM,541F7E72.cm-5-8b.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Etienne,tepper.freenode.net
bmn,bmn.name,Ben,wolfe.freenode.net
lilalinux,80.69.39.131,Max Mustermann,asimov.freenode.net
joar,fsf/member/jwandborg,Joar Wandborg,wolfe.freenode.net
Pierrick_B,ks3297159.kimsufi.com,Pierrick,verne.freenode.net
berkay,unaffiliated/berkay,Berkay Cagir,adams.freenode.net
rene0_,a82-161-212-209.adsl.xs4all.nl,Rene Ladan,verne.freenode.net
keeto,2a01:7e01::f03c:91ff:fe2c:81c2,Keeto,wolfe.freenode.net
erbo,li444-24.members.linode.com,Erik Boto,asimov.freenode.net
e_,serv01.io-consulting.net,The real fat shady,orwell.freenode.net
Erkan_Yilmaz,wikimedia/Erkan-Yilmaz,Erkan Yilmaz,hitchcock.freenode.net
madorn,2001:4801:7825:103:8d23:c583:ff11:35c1,madorn,adams.freenode.net
Satyricon,static-ip-69-64-50-156.inaddr.ip-pool.com,Nemesis Divina,wilhelm.freenode.net
ujjain,unaffiliated/ujjain,ujjain,verne.freenode.net
neuro_sys,unaffiliated/neurosys/x-283974,neuro_sys,wolfe.freenode.net
kremfloete,84-52-239.231.3p.ntebredband.no,kremfloete,barjavel.freenode.net
hugo___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wlwcnewlfobfewqj,Hugo LindstrÃ¶m,wilhelm.freenode.net
Taylor,unaffiliated/taylor,Taylor,barjavel.freenode.net
Tristan-Speccy,213.163.67.18,Tristan,orwell.freenode.net
torriz,unaffiliated/torriz,torriz,wilhelm.freenode.net
blindpeer,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yzjceaiuyyqqypsl,blind_peer,leguin.freenode.net
xplodwild_,62-210-109-47.rev.poneytelecom.eu,XpLoDWilD,verne.freenode.net
dstien,surr.no,Daniel,niven.freenode.net
umbSublime_,unaffiliated/umbsublime,Sublime,orwell.freenode.net
Jordy,unaffiliated/jordy,Jordy,wilhelm.freenode.net
Proditor,93.115.92.142,alex,weber.freenode.net
kants,unaffiliated/kants,kants,barjavel.freenode.net
hughrawlinson,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ywnsejwjocsrhwzj,codeoclock,wilhelm.freenode.net
Magiobiwan,unaffiliated/magiobiwan,Jeff,asimov.freenode.net
jessicah,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zemaodubrhjolivf,Jessica Hamilton,karatkievich.freenode.net
JellyJeff,c-73-159-241-186.hsd1.ct.comcast.net,realname,asimov.freenode.net
B3REND,37-97-236-115.colo.transip.net,n00b,wilhelm.freenode.net
Writ,unaffiliated/writ,Writ,karatkievich.freenode.net
rodgort,68.ip-149-56-14.net,rodgort,card.freenode.net
fhats,club.dbtp.club,fhats,card.freenode.net
unholycrab,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vzdxgnexeaozuqvm,pissfuck,adams.freenode.net
chiffr,d31192.smhi.se,Fredric,leguin.freenode.net
Dreeso,2606:6000:cd8d:6f00:4b10:27f9:53f3:b3a,ed,wolfe.freenode.net
Xeago,unaffiliated/xeago,Xeago,adams.freenode.net
Jammerx2,bnc.jammerx2.net,Josh,wolfe.freenode.net
linuxmodder,fedora/linuxmodder,linuxmodder,sinisalo.freenode.net
dentarg,e.starkast.net,dentarg,verne.freenode.net
Hexxeh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wqiwxhzgtzauaeff,Liam McLoughlin,wilhelm.freenode.net
xhochy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qdeneymyfmfogxgy,Uwe L. Korn,adams.freenode.net
tlund,envy.nxs.se,there is no spoon,adams.freenode.net
Kazuto,unaffiliated/kkirigaya,0Chris B.,niven.freenode.net
thinktwo,404.no,jan,weber.freenode.net
ra4king,unaffiliated/ra4king,Roi,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Equalify,ntsw.io,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
Orphis,adam.orphis.net,Orphis,orwell.freenode.net
Tele,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-twkgedgmhynhetuw,Â°|-||[]-[]||-|Â°,karatkievich.freenode.net
alextalks,ec2-54-148-226-108.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Alex,asimov.freenode.net
Maqs,internetmafia.org,Marcus,adams.freenode.net
zyxep,zyxep.net,zyxep,verne.freenode.net
MattJ100,heavyhorse2.default.heavyhorse.uk0.bigv.io,MattJ,asimov.freenode.net
matelich,c-50-181-165-82.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,realname,tepper.freenode.net
jstck,derp.jstck.com,John StÃ¤ck,leguin.freenode.net
tdhooper,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ctvwdwyxuagogwmn,Thomas Hooper,karatkievich.freenode.net
weissbier,173.103.155.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,weissbier,rajaniemi.freenode.net
LongyanG,15255.s.t4vps.eu,long yang,wolfe.freenode.net
danioj,unaffiliated/danioj,danioj,card.freenode.net
BytesAndCoffee,bytes.coffee,yazdmich,adams.freenode.net
ec\,ell.io,ELLIOTTCABLE,tepper.freenode.net
ocramius,irc.ocrami.us,Marco Pivetta,karatkievich.freenode.net
alexpott,drupal.org/user/157725/view,Alex Pott,niven.freenode.net
lsmith,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dafkzudrgsmomkee,Lukas Kahwe Smith,verne.freenode.net
peshi,ipv6.peshi.se,mangoes are tasty!,leguin.freenode.net
Stof_,nautica.notk.org,Christophe Coevoet,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jmikola,97.107.131.54,Jeremy Mikola,wolfe.freenode.net
malarzm,ip-62-121-131-18.ceti.net.pl,Maciej Malarz,verne.freenode.net
timdev,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe6e:1636,tim,niven.freenode.net
JeroenDeDauw,unaffiliated/jeroendedauw,JeroenDeDauw,karatkievich.freenode.net
tystr,do1.tylerstroud.com,Tyler Stroud,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
davedevelopment,tyrion.atst.io,Dave Marshall,asimov.freenode.net
h4cc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zsskwnccnlwjfswp,Julius Beckmann,wolfe.freenode.net
jsor,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oqrveiktywbwvldd,Jan Sorgalla,adams.freenode.net
dXP,salsaparty.bg,Nikola Petkanski,wilhelm.freenode.net
larowlan,pre1320404.lnk.telstra.net,Lee Rowlands,leguin.freenode.net
bbankes,75-169-249-148.slkc.qwest.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
p1rate,unaffiliated/p1rate,p1rate,asimov.freenode.net
rabbl,46.101.150.128,Ralf Junghanns,wilhelm.freenode.net
beberlei,217.172.42.213,beberlei,weber.freenode.net
Nicofuma,phpbb/developer/nicofuma,Tristan Darricau,asimov.freenode.net
_laco,static.183.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,laco,weber.freenode.net
webimpress,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mqqunhkdnycczhxm,webimpress,adams.freenode.net
asm89,unaffiliated/asm89,Alexander,karatkievich.freenode.net
alcaeus,infler.de,Andreas,hitchcock.freenode.net
lstrojny,milch.schokokeks.org,Lars Strojny,barjavel.freenode.net
schmittjoh,server2.shellfire.net,Johannes,card.freenode.net
ircmaxell,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qidoxjtebbkbfrnk,Anthony,karatkievich.freenode.net
jonwage,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cxnaavreckicucrg,Jonathan H. Wage,karatkievich.freenode.net
DeepDiver,mail.tmit.eu,DeepDiver,karatkievich.freenode.net
naderman,phpbb/manager/naderman,Nils Adermann,tepper.freenode.net
volundr-,ec2-52-87-25-121.compute-1.amazonaws.com,William Schaller,wolfe.freenode.net
_sh,osl-vps-10.ucd.ie,evalbot, owned by ramok,wilhelm.freenode.net
VsyachePuz,broadband-77-37-160-37.nationalcablenetworks.ru,VsyachePuz,hitchcock.freenode.net
gry,fsf/member/svetlana,Svetlana Tkachenko,card.freenode.net
WilliamDotAT,jab.li,William,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
JordanJ2,unaffiliated/droid,Jordan,wilhelm.freenode.net
MrGeneral,unaffiliated/mrgeneral,MrGeneral,wolfe.freenode.net
Nineain,unaffiliated/stalker,Nn,tepper.freenode.net
jose,ubuntu/member/jose,JosÃ© Antonio Rey,orwell.freenode.net
postrecito,unaffiliated/dorami-doraemon,SuperBNC - https://SuperBNC.com,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Stealth,sourcemage/archon/stealth,V,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ismaell,sourcemage/guru/ismaell,Ismael Luceno,karatkievich.freenode.net
ps-auxw,p578F7C51.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,-,weber.freenode.net
edong23,mptc-dhcp-50-50.mptelco.com,edong23,weber.freenode.net
klaas,simply.kla.as,klaas,kornbluth.freenode.net
haasn,haasn.xyz,haasn,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Cork,firefox/community/cork,Cork,rajaniemi.freenode.net
uau,dsl-hkibrasgw1-58c08f-126.dhcp.inet.fi,uau,adams.freenode.net
moser,14.146.32.156,...,hitchcock.freenode.net
Muzer,cpc96772-rdng27-2-0-cust294.15-3.cable.virginm.net,Murray Colpman,kornbluth.freenode.net
CybrFyre,2604:6000:1403:a3:224:8cff:fe2a:f5a0,Red,wolfe.freenode.net
rodgort,68.ip-149-56-14.net,rodgort,card.freenode.net
polemon,eltanin.uberspace.de,polemon,niven.freenode.net
Nothing4You,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
parasite,mar75-4-82-230-46-11.fbx.proxad.net,parasite,tepper.freenode.net
erdic,unaffiliated/motley,erdic,wilhelm.freenode.net
Qilaq,85.253.143.28.cable.starman.ee,Marek Laane,hitchcock.freenode.net
mahfiaz,192.81.222.36,Mattias Pï¿½ldaru,asimov.freenode.net
sander85,64.210.50.195.sta.estpak.ee,Sander Lepik,rajaniemi.freenode.net
valdur55,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-fexldpuvtqtriive,Valdur Kana,barjavel.freenode.net
arti,arti.ee,Arti Zirk,rajaniemi.freenode.net
merike,146.185.172.133,Merike Sell,wolfe.freenode.net
Alexia_Death,254-44-71-217.dyn.estpak.ee,Alexia Death,rajaniemi.freenode.net
emschwartz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rfqfzqwydwdaeeng,Evan,orwell.freenode.net
littleli,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-aybrpuazxhjifhoz,Ales Najmann,wilhelm.freenode.net
pguth,octans.uberspace.de,The Lounge User,tepper.freenode.net
OstlerDev,unaffiliated/ostlerdev,OstlerDev,card.freenode.net
jhiesey,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jndbxswabmvgctlq,John Hiesey,adams.freenode.net
escu,taimen.sr2.fi,esc,karatkievich.freenode.net
yangwao,v6.syx.sk,Roman Nevikov,wilhelm.freenode.net
Veejay,62.210.201.129,carcajou,asimov.freenode.net
pguth38,indus.uberspace.de,Per,wolfe.freenode.net
rektide_,eldergods.com,rektide,orwell.freenode.net
thefinn93,unaffiliated/thefinn93,finn,sinisalo.freenode.net
lachenmayer,gateway/shell/firrre/x-qacequrhfnujnszk,Harry Lachenmayer,adams.freenode.net
RandomSe1d,natewillard.com,Nate Willard,asimov.freenode.net
RobinH_,2001:41d0:a:256b::1,RobinH,wolfe.freenode.net
indigane,194.157.228.90,Matti J,leguin.freenode.net
mafintosh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lshngepuimtuqwds,Mathias Buus,adams.freenode.net
jbenet,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kohjqdlvoqxoevrs,Juan Benet,adams.freenode.net
mappum,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pvbatempfqkljggs,Matt,wolfe.freenode.net
_longines,static.183.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,longines,wolfe.freenode.net
sz0,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uioggvqiwzvmumcv,Sonmez Kartal,adams.freenode.net
HastaJun_,gateway/web/freenode/ip.85.228.204.232,85.228.204.232 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
the-solipsist,unaffiliated/pranesh,Pranesh Prakash,asimov.freenode.net
inex,unaffiliated/inex,inex,karatkievich.freenode.net
geb_,mars.gebura.eu.org,geb,wolfe.freenode.net
nnnn20430,lightning.bouncer.ml,nnnn,adams.freenode.net
toXel,indus.uberspace.de,toXel,hitchcock.freenode.net
ThePurgingPanda,d51A574D0.access.telenet.be,Wed3334,weber.freenode.net
astro,spaceboyz.net,Fgrcuna Znxn,asimov.freenode.net
[d__d],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me,rajaniemi.freenode.net
timoxley,128.199.65.199,Tim Oxley,barjavel.freenode.net
jercos,173.230.156.174,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
flaki,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gfbrryyiiedqbeif,Flaki,weber.freenode.net
Akaibu,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nhlgkzasabjofgep,pokeball99,adams.freenode.net
Tyler_,storj-ca1.jigga.tk,Admin,verne.freenode.net
irc-gitter-bot,webtorrent.feross.net,nodeJS IRC client,hitchcock.freenode.net
phishy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wtwstgoyfsmmjzzt,Jeff Loiselle,wilhelm.freenode.net
hugo`,freigeist.io,hugo,asimov.freenode.net
eljee,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iurvbxzbkfjtkuvy,laureng,card.freenode.net
qws-user-1228,cpe-76-181-123-141.columbus.res.rr.com,qws-user-1228,niven.freenode.net
retrohacker,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jbdkduutahlslsjj,Will Blankenship,adams.freenode.net
wa7son,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-olatwzmukxtkmugc,Thomas Watson,sinisalo.freenode.net
p1k,ec2-52-67-53-196.sa-east-1.compute.amazonaws.com,pik,wolfe.freenode.net
A124,unaffiliated/a124,Realname,verne.freenode.net
feross,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vtkompkipatvahiw,Feross Aboukhadijeh,wolfe.freenode.net
ugjka,ugjka.net,UgisG,card.freenode.net
mmckegg,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kegdeieswnmzexof,Matt McKegg,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bret,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-thzaumlzwpolfmxh,Bret Comnes,leguin.freenode.net
robink,unaffilated/robink,Robin Kauffman,card.freenode.net
Aaron1011,unaffiliated/aaron1011,Aaron Hill,barjavel.freenode.net
wangbus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hcmlzyjkyhoqinba,James Wang,karatkievich.freenode.net
parshap,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-givjuacnhcwfzmlz,parshap,adams.freenode.net
cjb,subway.printf.net,Chris Ball,verne.freenode.net
flet,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ohhvoabkkkmldtud,Dan Flettre,leguin.freenode.net
wlfgang,c-66-31-202-44.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,realname,card.freenode.net
mikeal,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mzcetzizddwlwvjq,Mikeal Rogers,wilhelm.freenode.net
mikolalysenko,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zwosrusbpptqjaoe,Mikola Lysenko,karatkievich.freenode.net
TheLink,unaffiliated/thelink,beingalink,rajaniemi.freenode.net
daviddias,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ptwlxdjwthqzvnpd,David Dias,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sidd,sidd.com,sidd,weber.freenode.net
yoshuawuyts,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hlnzqkginilpigbb,yoshuawuyts,sinisalo.freenode.net
Guest22330,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gkqqkaxgzfaalstz,Stephan Seidt,adams.freenode.net
fiatjaf,162.243.220.95,~,orwell.freenode.net
karissa,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gzsqrdlozcrjoerr,karissa,adams.freenode.net
substack,104.131.0.235,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
trepatudo,5.196.50.27,twitter.com/substanciadig,adams.freenode.net
kumavis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bcneqvjffngnkbuq,aaron,adams.freenode.net
janx,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lmjvllpkddkbvqhe,Jan Keromnes,wolfe.freenode.net
RandomSeeded,natewillard.com,Nate Willard,adams.freenode.net
bencevans,unaffiliated/bencevans,Ben Evans,tepper.freenode.net
emilbayes,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hqhrxtdpcplnnvea,Emil Bay,sinisalo.freenode.net
vidplace7,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kdegbaljbplgpxld,vid,wolfe.freenode.net
Raynos,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iauocfafuhxctmmg,Jake Verbaten,wolfe.freenode.net
mal``,68.ip-149-56-14.net,mal``,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kaotisk,46-179-77.adsl.cyta.gr,kaotisk,niven.freenode.net
k0nsl,unaffiliated/k0nsl,k0nsl (i.am@k0nsl.org),rajaniemi.freenode.net
hue,zirc/eclipse,hue,verne.freenode.net
devhoag,coder.firrre.com,Will Hoag,rajaniemi.freenode.net
xiplias,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wfexsxpwhzkuydce,Anders Borre Hansen,wilhelm.freenode.net
rom1504,rom1504.fr,rom1504,niven.freenode.net
steefmin,138-247-144-85.ftth.glasoperator.nl,steefmin,barjavel.freenode.net
nhaines,ubuntu/member/nhaines,Nathan Haines,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jbermudes,unaffiliated/jbermudes,jbermudes,sinisalo.freenode.net
Flannel,ubuntu/member/flannel,Flannel,verne.freenode.net
hcastro,gateway/tor-sasl/hector-home,Hector Castro,zelazny.freenode.net
penth,pool-173-75-227-192.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,Rachel Rawlings,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
JonathanD,freenode/staff/jonathand,fish,asimov.freenode.net
chasmo77,158.183-62-69.ftth.swbr.surewest.net,Al Turing,wilhelm.freenode.net
mlemay_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iacmzsjlueazysjv,Mathieu Lemay,wolfe.freenode.net
lori,unaffiliated/lori,Lori Jakab (@ljakab),niven.freenode.net
phrobb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jsomaehidsyxqbbw,Phil Robb,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dfarrell07,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dlyinogeroscwjtl,Daniel Farrell,adams.freenode.net
edwarnicke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nmzebkuesoahkjor,Ed Warnicke,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zxiiro-away,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ktidejggukyusnbl,Thanh Ha,wilhelm.freenode.net
Nate75Sanders,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jrndffjfvwwhyiok,Nate Sanders,verne.freenode.net
rektide_,eldergods.com,rektide,orwell.freenode.net
cschneid,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe73:9540,cschneid,wilhelm.freenode.net
ASFBot,apache/bot/asfbot,ASF Multipurpose Bot,verne.freenode.net
fivebats,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lyobathcipioaesb,Mike Coleman,adams.freenode.net
stickster,www.frields.org,Paul W. Frields,weber.freenode.net
mizmo,nat/redhat/x-utnetldpfgnfhsqz,MÃ¡irÃ­n Duffy,leguin.freenode.net
puiterwijk|cld,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dozqleqheluaxcky,Patrick Uiterwijk,sinisalo.freenode.net
puiterwijk,redhat/puiterwijk,Patrick Uiterwijk,adams.freenode.net
mgorbach,pool-96-237-153-152.bstnma.ftas.verizon.net,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
alnr,unaffiliated/alnr,e4ward,barjavel.freenode.net
ircuser-1,158.183-62-69.ftth.swbr.surewest.net,Johnny Von Neumann,weber.freenode.net
hl,unaffiliated/hl,hl,tepper.freenode.net
da3m0n22,2a00:1ca8:e:4::4abc:216b,da3m0n22,sinisalo.freenode.net
trebuh,unaffiliated/trebuh,trebuh,weber.freenode.net
froike,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-bwhvpvlqcnfydxdg,froike,wilhelm.freenode.net
edwardly,unaffiliated/edwardly,Edward,wolfe.freenode.net
koobs,freebsd/developer/koobs,koobs,sinisalo.freenode.net
level56,192.241.253.65,irc,adams.freenode.net
armin,base.m2m.pm,armin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
toli,ip-62-235-44-248.dial.scarlet.be,black,barjavel.freenode.net
reev,123.63.166.181,realname,niven.freenode.net
twkm,rfc1459.net,"those who know me have no need of my name",wolfe.freenode.net
nathani,2607:f2f8:ac88::,nathani,niven.freenode.net
nag,vasaconsulting.com,Benjamin Fry,wilhelm.freenode.net
MarkS-,unaffiliated/mark21,mark,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tabakhase,unaffiliated/tabakhase,Christian Tabakhase Hackmann,karatkievich.freenode.net
ikonia,unaffiliated/ikonia,Matt Darcy,wilhelm.freenode.net
nitdega,2602:302:d16c:d021:4438:73ab:f30d:c9f1,nitdega,wilhelm.freenode.net
dino82,unaffiliated/dino82,din0-freenode,karatkievich.freenode.net
`Kevin,69.60.10.134,Kevin Cook,wilhelm.freenode.net
Daniel4712,217.6.193.235,realname,asimov.freenode.net
balder,ns.johnbond.org,User John,kornbluth.freenode.net
vvande,66.244.241.35,vvande,wilhelm.freenode.net
Kinny,unaffiliated/kinny,Kinny,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Sarabveer,198.211.100.17,Sarabveer Singh,hitchcock.freenode.net
cunningpike,d172-218-128-79.bchsia.telus.net,cunningpike,asimov.freenode.net
mind04,2a02:990:100:1:0:100::,Kees Monshouwer,wilhelm.freenode.net
eest,shell1.sigterm.se,eest,wolfe.freenode.net
Hello71,wikipedia/Hello71,Hello71,weber.freenode.net
ckotil,cloud.blizzie.net,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
eren,unaffiliated/eren,Eren T.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
fn00dle,luna.digineering.technology,Jonathan Juursema,wilhelm.freenode.net
RaiNerTsuFal,akita.vtlx.cn,Mario,adams.freenode.net
mindfart,unaffiliated/mindfart,mindfart,asimov.freenode.net
lduf,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qcrkqdrbvnkzgwhw,L Duf,karatkievich.freenode.net
dandon,185.16.53.5,instl Tor fkrs http://i40.tinypic.com/10saeq9.jpg,tepper.freenode.net
Tykling,gibfest.dk,tykling,adams.freenode.net
bendoin,cthulhu.drk.sc,bendoin,adams.freenode.net
arooni,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe3b:e418,ZNC Arooni,rajaniemi.freenode.net
worstadmin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ttcciajcwxmweycu,worstadmin_,wilhelm.freenode.net
rjsalts,green.spectralmud.org,Richard Salts,wilhelm.freenode.net
grasser,daswhut.athain.com,grasser,wolfe.freenode.net
duper,ca4.blackcatz.org,-%-*Unknown*-%-,weber.freenode.net
malprxctice,unaffiliated/malprxctice,frustated techie,barjavel.freenode.net
DonRichie,ricl.de,DonRichie,wilhelm.freenode.net
begriffs,104.156.228.196,begriffs,barjavel.freenode.net
jbc8,96.56.201.130,realname,adams.freenode.net
Luc-SVK,62.197.233.118,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
bittyx,unaffiliated/bittyx,bittyx,sinisalo.freenode.net
Anonissimus,85.93.10.151,anonissimus,hitchcock.freenode.net
bdd,sfo.mindcast.net,bdd,karatkievich.freenode.net
bigstar,developer.flashfxp.com,bigstar,asimov.freenode.net
twodayslate,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vssmlewfgamdewjp,Zac,wolfe.freenode.net
elmcrest,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-avoydvwycypdjltr,Marius Raesener,wolfe.freenode.net
terr1,unaffiliated/terr1,terr1,wilhelm.freenode.net
chasmo77,158.183-62-69.ftth.swbr.surewest.net,Al Turing,wilhelm.freenode.net
erdic,unaffiliated/motley,erdic,wilhelm.freenode.net
MassDebates,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.198.179.111.114,MassDebates,card.freenode.net
sjefen6,77.222.223.213,Vegard,card.freenode.net
Yst,gateway/tor-sasl/yst,Yst Dawson,zelazny.freenode.net
esmiurium,45.63.76.107,Page Closed,karatkievich.freenode.net
LongyanG,15255.s.t4vps.eu,long yang,wolfe.freenode.net
Xenogenesis,unaffiliated/fttc,No way,hitchcock.freenode.net
apathor,c-65-96-188-178.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,Mike,barjavel.freenode.net
Aprogas,enki.aprogas.net,Jasper Jongmans,wolfe.freenode.net
LiamM,pdpc/supporter/active/liamm,Liam,card.freenode.net
jhass,ruby/staff/jhass,Jonne HaÃ,weber.freenode.net
megaTherion,unix.io,Georg Bege,niven.freenode.net
Simon-,zemphis.uuid.uk,Simon Arlott,niven.freenode.net
boubou,unaffiliated/boubou,boubou,verne.freenode.net
dakar,unaffiliated/dakar,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
tmberg,unaffiliated/tmberg,tmberg,wolfe.freenode.net
Exagone313,elou.world,http://elou.world,orwell.freenode.net
Gallomimia,ec2-54-186-77-228.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Gallomimia,hitchcock.freenode.net
Habbie,lorentz.7bits.nl,Peter van Dijk,wilhelm.freenode.net
simbalion`,tailpuff.net,simba,barjavel.freenode.net
ML74,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jhjpxjtkdcdlqtid,Matthew Large,wilhelm.freenode.net
pbug---,supercluster.virgostar.net,Peter,hitchcock.freenode.net
subthalamus,bou57-1-78-247-40-105.fbx.proxad.net,subthalamus,wolfe.freenode.net
Korvin,concrete5/79063/Korvin,Korvin,karatkievich.freenode.net
lunaphyte,unaffiliated/lunaphyte,lunaphyte,wolfe.freenode.net
Tristan-Speccy,213.163.67.18,Tristan,orwell.freenode.net
Bossi,p50816EDC.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Bossi,asimov.freenode.net
snow_bckspc,ganon.dot-server.net,snow_bckspc,wilhelm.freenode.net
Celelibi,23.247.85.79.rev.sfr.net,Alors, il est beau mon whois ?,sinisalo.freenode.net
[spoiler],2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe2c:f0a3,Nino,sinisalo.freenode.net
SwedeMike,ipv6.swm.pp.se,Like a wedgie on steroids,wolfe.freenode.net
jra__,razor.bz2.nl,bla,rajaniemi.freenode.net
isomorphismes,ec2-54-243-213-161.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Ubuntu,weber.freenode.net
yrter,unaffiliated/yrter,yrter,asimov.freenode.net
Poster,cpe-65-185-36-98.columbus.res.rr.com,Poster,hitchcock.freenode.net
machty,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vkiuhyjzczcasfud,Alex Matchneer,wilhelm.freenode.net
dannyAAM,saru.saru.moe,Danny,asimov.freenode.net
hawk,d.qw.se,hawk,orwell.freenode.net
ws2k3,bnc.freegamehosting.eu,FGH / #Gamehosting Admin,weber.freenode.net
solidsnack,pdpc/supporter/active/solidsnack,Jason Dusek,adams.freenode.net
cyborg-one,185.145.107.89,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
Buffman,my.irc-bit.ch,No One,hitchcock.freenode.net
jamesd,cpe-72-128-66-24.wi.res.rr.com,jamesd,orwell.freenode.net
mat_,freebsd/developer/mat,Mathieu Arnold,barjavel.freenode.net
meZee,unaffiliated/swedftp,SwedFTP,wolfe.freenode.net
riddle,us.yunix.net,decadance,karatkievich.freenode.net
MOLONLABE2016,162.245.217.4,Robert Cope,leguin.freenode.net
Olipro,uncyclopedia/pdpc.21for7.olipro,Olipro,adams.freenode.net
dustinm`,149.56.14.68,dustinm,wolfe.freenode.net
caw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ywsvooxsctafmlvb,Christopher Wood,adams.freenode.net
jelly,pdpc/supporter/active/jelly,Real Name,wolfe.freenode.net
Janko,unaffiliated/janko,Jan,wilhelm.freenode.net
pppingme,unaffiliated/pppingme,pppingme,leguin.freenode.net
_stowa,static.177.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,hitchcock.freenode.net
mgodzilla,2601:601:8801:2c90:c9e9:e764:902e:7498,zillus_maximus,karatkievich.freenode.net
MuffinMedic,unaffiliated/muffinmedic,Evan,karatkievich.freenode.net
j4son_,16.242.forpsi.net,j4son,asimov.freenode.net
kwork,unaffiliated/kwork,kwork,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Lazydog,dynamic-acs-24-154-81-94.zoominternet.net,54,8It's a secret,barjavel.freenode.net
siruf,unaffiliated/motley,siruf,verne.freenode.net
l2cache,extropia.coredev.org.uk,cachedtl,sinisalo.freenode.net
CuriosTiger,terex.bigrig.org,Stian Oksavik,card.freenode.net
lucz,linaro/lucz,Luca Sokoll,weber.freenode.net
devilspgd,wtf.thedave.ca,Dave,adams.freenode.net
f3ew_,2.d3.1343.static.theplanet.com,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
dig-dug,unaffiliated/lunaphyte/bot/dig-dug,dig-dug,verne.freenode.net
devth,2604:a880:1:20::1e5:9008,Trevor Hartman,karatkievich.freenode.net
MillerBoss,107.191.50.190,Boss Miller,asimov.freenode.net
ExeciN,bnc.stormbit.net,nicexe,weber.freenode.net
flashdel,mail.rheinwerk-verlag.de,FlashDel,wilhelm.freenode.net
Wolf0,unaffiliated/wolf/x-5089230,Slut,wolfe.freenode.net
arunpyasi,gateway/shell/hiyabnc/x-momuflepkicnvalj,arunpyasi,barjavel.freenode.net
Guest81138,84.122.132.208.dyn.user.ono.com,IRcap[8.72] 7 www.ircap.es,weber.freenode.net
XVC,unaffiliated/xc0r3/bot/vnlbot,XVC @ 2016,wilhelm.freenode.net
soundslave,unaffiliated/soundslave,soundslave,asimov.freenode.net
girhes,one.of.the.4400.hu,...,adams.freenode.net
Tom_Ewok,unaffiliated/tom-ewok/x-4124959,Tom_Ewok,sinisalo.freenode.net
WeedFreddy,unaffiliated/weedfreddy,...,orwell.freenode.net
xCore,unaffiliated/xc0r3,xCore,adams.freenode.net
chrysophylax69,145.47.148.122.sta.dodo.net.au,chrysophylax69,leguin.freenode.net
Jookly_,host-174-45-91-112.bzm-mt.client.bresnan.net,ByrdIRC,wilhelm.freenode.net
bittrex-richie,104.210.35.192,Richie,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
SammoSideKick,unaffiliated/sammosidekick,Sammo_0401,card.freenode.net
Aidansly,gateway/tor-sasl/aidansly,Aidansly,zelazny.freenode.net
GameGear,unaffiliated/gamegear,Mr. Marmaduke,verne.freenode.net
VashTheStampede,unaffiliated/vashthestampede,VashTheStampede,kornbluth.freenode.net
hypermist,192.52.166.127,#ballsacks,orwell.freenode.net
kasvain,unaffiliated/kasvain,kasvain,verne.freenode.net
bitspill,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zxixyosegkvwrvdl,bitspill,card.freenode.net
ctgiant,unaffiliated/ctgiant,Anonymous User,wilhelm.freenode.net
WhitesoxCrypto,unaffiliated/whitesoxcrypto,KVIrc 4.9.1 Aria http://kvirc.net/,orwell.freenode.net
luny,unaffiliated/luny,luny,orwell.freenode.net
leetsp33ch,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rzsbbnbsqfjmwgwr,leetsp33ch,wilhelm.freenode.net
stoner19,unaffiliated/stoner19,stoner19,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kodaxx,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.184.167.103.120,kodaxx,adams.freenode.net
ArexR,unaffiliated/arexr,Alex,wilhelm.freenode.net
ahmed_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bbuwknkwrmnvhvet,ahmedbodi,wolfe.freenode.net
floWS,unaffiliated/flows,SWolf,wolfe.freenode.net
kopykat,unaffiliated/kopykat,kopykat,rajaniemi.freenode.net
eyeknock,gateway/shell/xshellz/x-nkkjtulearacguhw,eyeknock,niven.freenode.net
buZz,space.nurdspace.nl,buZz,karatkievich.freenode.net
CryptoTraderClub,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vuqbpkuszyeuqimz,Dave,adams.freenode.net
scorpio18,193.219.117.63,scorpio18,weber.freenode.net
Reggie,prs232.hu,reggie,adams.freenode.net
AlexNT01,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ukilnbczstkeyjxq,Alex,adams.freenode.net
mogreen,unaffiliated/mogreen,mogreen,sinisalo.freenode.net
inara,68.ip-149-56-14.net,inara,karatkievich.freenode.net
saintromuald__,dynamic-acs-24-239-99-170.zoominternet.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
Jimlite,2601:401:c402:3cfe:55f0:aa5e:b2fd:5b35,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
czarro,unaffiliated/czarro,realname,verne.freenode.net
Elbandi2,104.36.83.126,realname,tepper.freenode.net
kryptRichards,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-iicflhmmiiltnwbq,kryptRichards,niven.freenode.net
coinictus,unaffiliated/coinictus,coinictus,card.freenode.net
nOgAnOo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qzaxushlbdelzugi,Lily,wilhelm.freenode.net
iaglium,45.63.76.107,iaglium,barjavel.freenode.net
dun_matter,CPE-121-216-29-206.lnse1.ken.bigpond.net.au,...,orwell.freenode.net
MrPacino,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sqlaoqejpqnovoul,DoritoNakamoto,wilhelm.freenode.net
Teezy,unaffiliated/teezy,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
NickSB,cpc5-harb9-2-0-cust141.perr.cable.virginm.net,realname,tepper.freenode.net
drobilla,192-0-181-222.cpe.teksavvy.com,unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
rgareus,rg42.org,Robin Gareus,adams.freenode.net
Anchakor_,179.43.156.130,Anchakor,hitchcock.freenode.net
ColaEuphoria,unaffiliated/colaeuphoria,realname,leguin.freenode.net
kmicu,176.56.237.191,kmicu,wilhelm.freenode.net
kwmiebach__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ctegzgolqtindoyv,Kurt Miebach,wilhelm.freenode.net
ugjka,ugjka.net,UgisG,card.freenode.net
Anchakor,malco.valachnet.cz,Anchakor,karatkievich.freenode.net
SianaGea1z,84.200.248.46,Siana Gearz,asimov.freenode.net
grejppi,freeshell.de,grejppi,hitchcock.freenode.net
aasirc,cpc85524-aztw30-2-0-cust228.18-1.cable.virginm.net,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
NickSB2,cpc5-harb9-2-0-cust141.perr.cable.virginm.net,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
ventosus,open-music-kontrollers.ch,Hanspeter Portner,adams.freenode.net
LAbot,2001:468:c80:2133:1618:77ff:fe46:fa3c,Supybot 0.83.4.1,rajaniemi.freenode.net
trebmuh,ANancy-653-1-614-101.w92-130.abo.wanadoo.fr,Humbert,wolfe.freenode.net
JaVelDa,ti0016a400-7103.bb.online.no,Jarle Richard Akselsen,wilhelm.freenode.net
GameGear,unaffiliated/gamegear,Mr. Marmaduke,verne.freenode.net
VashTheStampede,unaffiliated/vashthestampede,VashTheStampede,kornbluth.freenode.net
Guest81138,84.122.132.208.dyn.user.ono.com,IRcap[8.72] 7 www.ircap.es,weber.freenode.net
nagzter,2607:fb90:b26:d34f:a965:9c49:2e88:140f,Laura Chenault,karatkievich.freenode.net
SouthParkBoi,2a06:a006:c5:8f::2,SouthParkBoi,adams.freenode.net
JustTheDoctor,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zutyjxurolfdbxdy,JustTheDoctor253,wilhelm.freenode.net
Vazerozky,unaffiliated/vazerozky,xseiurth,hitchcock.freenode.net
coinictus,unaffiliated/coinictus,coinictus,card.freenode.net
FunkTip,192.169.6.147,http://crypto-co.in/,karatkievich.freenode.net
cDepotBot,192.169.6.147,nodeJS IRC client,leguin.freenode.net
sbits,ip70-178-72-208.ks.ks.cox.net,Southern Bits,orwell.freenode.net
Casinoai,unaffiliated/cryptojedi/bot/casinoai,Mr. Marmaduke,leguin.freenode.net
Jommy99,c-73-149-211-162.hsd1.nh.comcast.net,realname,asimov.freenode.net
mwasilew,gateway/shell/linaro/x-tvpxjvnxazsnorhq,Milosz Wasilewski,card.freenode.net
nbhat_DT,111.93.218.67,purple,karatkievich.freenode.net
andrey-konovalov,gateway/shell/linaro/x-stgecoatiooscfnh,Andrey Konovalov,adams.freenode.net
scottb,linaro/scottb,Scott Bambrough,card.freenode.net
yehuday_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vtfynjnmufmjjjzk,Yehuda Y,wilhelm.freenode.net
GraemeG,xora.default.ggregory.uk0.bigv.io,Graeme Gregory,wilhelm.freenode.net
SteveMcIntyre,cheddar.halon.org.uk,Steve McIntyre,niven.freenode.net
bhoj,gateway/shell/linaro/x-tnnulgunopxnpbun,Vishal Bhoj,leguin.freenode.net
docularxu,gateway/shell/linaro/x-tlalotjflyxuipgr,Guodong Xu,card.freenode.net
lool,debian/developer/lool,Loic Minier,asimov.freenode.net
liuyq,180.150.157.29,Yongqin Liu,hitchcock.freenode.net
xinliang,113.97.187.66,liuxl,wolfe.freenode.net
dzin,linaro/dzin,David Zinman,barjavel.freenode.net
griffinp,gateway/shell/linaro/x-tshesmzbfrghwdtd,Peter Griffin,hitchcock.freenode.net
tgall_foo,linaro/tgall-foo,Thomas Gall,tepper.freenode.net
punit,nat/arm/x-hgfjezrdynjkoqce,unknown,verne.freenode.net
rbasak,canonical/rbasak,Robie Basak,wilhelm.freenode.net
davepigott,gateway/shell/linaro/x-hgvvordmnaeivrqx,Dave Pigott,card.freenode.net
mwhudson,canonical/mwhudson,Michael Hudson-Doyle,asimov.freenode.net
_iwc,static.184.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,wilhelm.freenode.net
ryanharkin,gateway/shell/linaro/x-aoiaehtegiuiaarn,Ryan Harkin,card.freenode.net
anmar,gateway/shell/linaro/x-scaqlhxgrfemdabv,Anmar Oueja,card.freenode.net
broonie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gnuuzgsjlazwianw,Mark Brown,adams.freenode.net
mwojtas_,31-172-191-173.noc.fibertech.net.pl,Marcin Wojtas,orwell.freenode.net
njian,gateway/shell/linaro/x-yrdktpsxeesjihxt,Ningsheng Jian,card.freenode.net
martinst,gateway/shell/linaro/x-iviwnmevhmaiuojn,Martin Stadtler,leguin.freenode.net
arun,unaffiliated/sindian,arun,hitchcock.freenode.net
dannf,complete.lackof.org,dann frazier,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ahs3,linaro/ahs3,Al Stone,niven.freenode.net
shawnguo,gateway/shell/linaro/x-kbggxdhyacovyamk,shawnguo,hitchcock.freenode.net
hrw,redhat/hrw,Marcin Juszkiewicz,card.freenode.net
sudeepholla,nat/arm/x-njqljytwgtrqlqzj,Sudeep Holla,tepper.freenode.net
alan_o,2601:880:c000:3062:88fd:8a20:ce01:ea72,Alan Ott,karatkievich.freenode.net
fuwei_TN,110.89.243.103,Fu Wei,wolfe.freenode.net
_andy_t_,kif.fubar.geek.nz,Andrew Turner,wilhelm.freenode.net
rfranz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mzfuvnzjeocprfpz,Roy Franz,sinisalo.freenode.net
suihkulokki,jessie.kos.to,Riku Voipio,hitchcock.freenode.net
ardb,linaro/ardb,Ard Biesheuvel,wolfe.freenode.net
gema,host109-157-34-33.range109-157.btcentralplus.com,Gema Gomez-Solano,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bcc,linaro/bcc,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
ZhengXu,gateway/shell/linaro/x-miubyrbxuszpqbeg,Zheng Xu,card.freenode.net
julieng,nat/arm/x-wrpakiasqehprjqp,julieng,adams.freenode.net
agallo,gateway/shell/linaro/x-dzzcydsjojehpixg,Andrea Gallo,card.freenode.net
hanjun,gateway/shell/linaro/x-iwchgvuzuqjdkcte,Hanjun Guo,card.freenode.net
mrutland,rodgrod.phodex.org,Mark Rutland,niven.freenode.net
lpieralisi,nat/arm/x-yrccfgccroenmhan,Lorenzo Pieralisi,orwell.freenode.net
chunyan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wyepiaijnxmjnamq,Chunyan Zhang,sinisalo.freenode.net
tyler-baker,gateway/shell/linaro/x-hguwifjwmmmvthnr,Tyler Baker,card.freenode.net
akbennett,gateway/shell/linaro/x-vjsltopeutsolxzb,akbennett,karatkievich.freenode.net
linarobot,ec2-23-23-178-99.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Linaro Bot,tepper.freenode.net
kanta,gateway/shell/linaro/x-czemhhkjyoxtmude,Kanta Vekaria,card.freenode.net
anoops,gateway/shell/linaro/x-ctmamhwiyuxqvtni,Anoop Saxena,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Yi35953,gateway/shell/linaro/x-enorwhhhtjgxtvup,Yi Li,card.freenode.net
linn__,cce02cs4039-fa12-z.ams.hpecore.net,Linn Crosetto,hitchcock.freenode.net
nbhat,gateway/shell/linaro/x-qsksrhewrizupabo,Naresh Bhat,weber.freenode.net
nowickitmk,31-172-191-173.noc.fibertech.net.pl,Tomasz Nowicki,weber.freenode.net
linarolog,ec2-23-23-178-99.compute-1.amazonaws.com,log bot:: contact its@linaro.org,tepper.freenode.net
robher,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xspqcnpzjkmvnjan,Rob Herring,adams.freenode.net
suravee,165.204.77.1,Suravee Suthikulpanit,weber.freenode.net
fabo,linaro/fabo,Fathi Boudra,adams.freenode.net
mwojtas,31-172-191-173.noc.fibertech.net.pl,Marcin Wojtas,card.freenode.net
maximk,linaro/maximk,Maxim Kuvyrkov,hitchcock.freenode.net
stooart,gateway/shell/linaro/x-wjuumdupfikgkysk,Stuart Monteith,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hanjun1,119.145.15.121,purple,asimov.freenode.net
krtaylor,2605:6000:f489:be00:ed81:5318:c85a:32bb,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
rsalveti,linaro/rsalveti,Ricardo Salveti de Araujo,wilhelm.freenode.net
SteveCapper,marmot.wormnet.eu,steven,verne.freenode.net
doanac,unaffiliated/doanac,andy.doan,asimov.freenode.net
leiflindholm,linaro/leiflindholm,Leif Lindholm,card.freenode.net
ototo,linaro/ototo,Serge Broslavsky,adams.freenode.net
Neo,opennic/Neo,Neo Anderson,niven.freenode.net
awafaa,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sepaadoyxfweicxh,Andrew Wafaa,card.freenode.net
esmiurium,45.63.76.107,Page Closed,karatkievich.freenode.net
msalter,2605:a601:5241:d800:eab1:fcff:fe47:f69e,Mark Salter,wilhelm.freenode.net
Rikle_S,w00t.fh.gd,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
Vinilox,bri44-2-88-190-3-36.fbxo.proxad.net,Vinilox,barjavel.freenode.net
qguv,unaffiliated/quintus,qguv,orwell.freenode.net
ravomavain,2001:bc8:3849:100::2,ravomavain,rajaniemi.freenode.net
funnel,unaffiliated/espiral,funnel,hitchcock.freenode.net
srm`,a.bouh.org,bouh,wilhelm.freenode.net
CarN,mx.cordier.work,CarN,tepper.freenode.net
StatelessCat,unaffiliated/statelesscat,catcatcat,adams.freenode.net
Tucky,insole.laas.fr,PhML,verne.freenode.net
trebuh,unaffiliated/trebuh,trebuh,weber.freenode.net
igitoor,unaffiliated/contempt,igitur,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Avenzoar,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-hhlmhngiflvleark,Avenzoar,niven.freenode.net
vamps,62-210-211-135.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Thibault,adams.freenode.net
arch_ange,trin.itai.re,arch_ange,wolfe.freenode.net
eoli4n,unaffiliated/eolien,eoli4n,weber.freenode.net
MyStuff,unaffiliated/oria,MyStuff,wilhelm.freenode.net
gko,2400:8900::f03c:91ff:fe70:e605,gko,leguin.freenode.net
Case_Of,unaffiliated/itruc,Case_Of,asimov.freenode.net
SandMarq,23-91-227-183.cpe.distributel.net,Sandrine Marquis,orwell.freenode.net
archange66,archange66.net,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
Nanoseb,babel.eclair.ec-lyon.fr,Nanoseb,asimov.freenode.net
Sango,10.230-227-89.dsl.completel.net,KVIrc 4.2.0 Equilibrium http://kvirc.net/,leguin.freenode.net
spider-mario,185.132.73.78,spidermario,card.freenode.net
mortalius,unaffiliated/mortalius,mortalius,hitchcock.freenode.net
patko,2a01:e35:2e66:21d0:fc79:c381:9447:385f,purple,adams.freenode.net
cbcr,ns3268402.ip-5-39-80.eu,cbcr,verne.freenode.net
carado,2001:41d0:d:9ef::1:16,carado@savhon.org,wolfe.freenode.net
vinylourson,ca.tdct.org,VinylThePooh,adams.freenode.net
Iiiak,nexus.fricouv.eu,Vincent Fricou,adams.freenode.net
kynzie,ip-231.net-82-216-90.rev.numericable.fr,kynzie,tepper.freenode.net
litone,62-210-239-77.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Litone,adams.freenode.net
Steveo,62-210-237-193.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Steven Nguyen,asimov.freenode.net
[_Miles_],212.83.172.120,Miles,tepper.freenode.net
Guest5588,2001:41d0:8:d28f::1,florian,wilhelm.freenode.net
pata,2001:41d0:51:1::918,nicolas,karatkievich.freenode.net
eoli3n,fac34-6-82-240-129-216.fbx.proxad.net,user,wilhelm.freenode.net
Chouhartem,epheme.re,chouhartem,barjavel.freenode.net
Vilrax,ns205928.ip-94-23-35.eu,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
Monoide,unaffiliated/monoide,xXx,tepper.freenode.net
kraft,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-yzagzsggfjafsanb,Na,orwell.freenode.net
Sangfroid,141.47.29.93.rev.sfr.net,Francois D. Belfort,card.freenode.net
bab00n,5.135.186.90,baboon,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hydraze,pdpc/supporter/student/hydraze,no,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Le_9,unaffiliated/le-9/x-002648,Le_9,niven.freenode.net
raspbeguy,hashtagueule.fr,Zaphod Beeblebrox,barjavel.freenode.net
depierre,depier.re,depierre,verne.freenode.net
Munrek,unix.cat,Theo,barjavel.freenode.net
eth0__,ks380684.kimsufi.com,eth0,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Neko`,unaffiliated/chiaki,Oo,karatkievich.freenode.net
petrus_lt,62-210-107-216.rev.poneytelecom.eu,petrus,niven.freenode.net
gecko_splinter,195-154-165-85.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Splinter",sinisalo.freenode.net
nahra,unaffiliated/nahra,unknown,verne.freenode.net
CalimeroTeknik,pradic.com,ctk,wolfe.freenode.net
mathieui,5.51.204.241,mathieui,orwell.freenode.net
perrier-jouet,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/perrier-jouet,perrier-jouet,tepper.freenode.net
Mo0O,unaffiliated/mo0o,steeve,niven.freenode.net
Hobbestigrou,xvm-0-13.ghst.net,Natal Ngetal,verne.freenode.net
nuky,bne75-5-82-231-224-167.fbx.proxad.net,nuky,wolfe.freenode.net
nbz,gateway/tor-sasl/nbz/x-21984729,.: GNU/Linux :.,zelazny.freenode.net
wget,unaffiliated/wget,wget,asimov.freenode.net
lidstah,LFbn-1-5228-44.w90-105.abo.wanadoo.fr,lidstah,leguin.freenode.net
thithib,157.159.45.213,Thibaut,barjavel.freenode.net
Chipster1,unaffiliated/chipsterone,Chipster,barjavel.freenode.net
cryptowala,unaffiliated/kooothor,pi,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Zluglu,mal35-3-82-240-200-232.fbx.proxad.net,smoi l'o<Â !,wolfe.freenode.net
HS-157,161.70.5.93.rev.sfr.net,HS-157,asimov.freenode.net
lseb,ns3006742.ip-151-80-42.eu,sleduc,adams.freenode.net
loy,ns357229.ip-91-121-144.eu,loy,asimov.freenode.net
immae,immae.eu,Immae,orwell.freenode.net
hibari,cpc101264-bagu15-2-0-cust176.1-3.cable.virginm.net,spike,barjavel.freenode.net
seblu,archlinux/developer/seblu,Seb Lu,leguin.freenode.net
golg0tha,55.ip-167-114-251.eu,cedric,wilhelm.freenode.net
moviuro,ns3007255.ip-151-80-43.eu,Moviuro,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dracstudio,91.121.39.163,dracs,verne.freenode.net
avd__,unaffiliated/lowang,hk242,adams.freenode.net
nexysno,mau78-1-88-184-111-173.fbx.proxad.net,snouhaud,adams.freenode.net
lordheavy,archlinux/developer/lordheavy,Laurent Carlier,adams.freenode.net
t011,ip-56.net-80-236-51.rev.numericable.fr,t011,wolfe.freenode.net
nheir,died.re,nheir@,hitchcock.freenode.net
noom,163.172.214.108,Noom,niven.freenode.net
Galihom,2001:41d0:a:f63f::1,Galih,karatkievich.freenode.net
swalladge,unaffiliated/swalladge,Samuel,orwell.freenode.net
Tachi_coma,p5B013446.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,realname,niven.freenode.net
nil0x42,95.141.17.4,nil0x42,barjavel.freenode.net
Warnaud,27.16.1.85.dynamic.wline.res.cust.swisscom.ch,Arnaud Fortier,adams.freenode.net
Adri1,196-84-190-109.dsl.ovh.fr,adrien,tepper.freenode.net
Mocramis,shattrath.sceen.net,mocramis,niven.freenode.net
xouillet,protoon.xouillet.info,Alexandre Chataignon,asimov.freenode.net
parallel21,45.55.185.38,parallel,adams.freenode.net
yaymuffins,mail.yayponies.eu,Derpy Hooves,adams.freenode.net
libricoleur,195-154-191-96.rev.poneytelecom.eu,mandre,karatkievich.freenode.net
Porkepix,2001:41d0:8:95a8::1,Porkepix,leguin.freenode.net
YamashitaRen,ks3372797.kimsufi.com,YamashitaRen,verne.freenode.net
xdbob,LFbn-1-730-221.w86-246.abo.wanadoo.fr,Antoine Damhet,karatkievich.freenode.net
nightmared,unaffiliated/nightmared,nightmared,hitchcock.freenode.net
_fortis,static.141.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,fortis,wilhelm.freenode.net
Majax,majax.xt-creations.fr,Majax.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
JayCie,leneveu.fr,Jean-Charles Leneveu,barjavel.freenode.net
Alibaba,ns3011494.ip-5-39-91.eu,alibaba,hitchcock.freenode.net
Skurlat,05458918.skybroadband.com,Skurlat,wolfe.freenode.net
jcloud,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ujkkoelgnxwahthc,Jonathan Chan,sinisalo.freenode.net
Piczel,unaffiliated/piczel,Piczel,sinisalo.freenode.net
AnCaRioN,unaffiliated/ancarion,David S.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pstk,sal69-8-78-193-48-34.fbxo.proxad.net,pstk,orwell.freenode.net
Arcaik,mab.br0.fr,Arcaik,adams.freenode.net
homerj,april-fools/2013/second/homerj,homerj,orwell.freenode.net
Fanch,linuxquimper/fanch,fanch,asimov.freenode.net
Depado,2001:41d0:52:100::1303,node,adams.freenode.net
Mounicq,2001:41d0:fe24:b600:47c1:1b80:4769:dbbc,Mounicq,wilhelm.freenode.net
Deelight,dsi401-d15.insa-lyon.fr,Deelight,barjavel.freenode.net
btall,ns325362.ip-37-187-105.eu,Anonymous,orwell.freenode.net
nicoulaj,215.ip-193-70-36.eu,Julien Nicoulaud,rajaniemi.freenode.net
vian-ney,virgo.cilg.org,Vianney B.,card.freenode.net
Lenglemetz,unaffiliated/lenglemetz/x-625148,Choubaka, pour les intimes,asimov.freenode.net
driquet,2001:41d0:8:e1d7::,driquet,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
fersingb,gentoo/developer/kernelsensei,Boris Fersing,card.freenode.net
pat__,abo-166-160-68.bab.modulonet.fr,The Lounge User,weber.freenode.net
telex,freeshell.de,telex,tepper.freenode.net
theolaurent,2001:41d0:1:c776::,theo,leguin.freenode.net
DeElsasser,2a01:e34:ede8:4110:b186:32c6:ee74:56a6,unknown,adams.freenode.net
ivanooov,192.192.0.109.rev.sfr.net,iva1,verne.freenode.net
kanor,unaffiliated/kanor,kanor,adams.freenode.net
olaff,213.5.66.73,the real olaff,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Skunnyk,2001:bc8:3359:de01::1,Skunnyk,wolfe.freenode.net
romano2k,unaffiliated/romano2k,romano2k,tepper.freenode.net
k1000,55.ip-198-50-149.net,Camille Gillot,wolfe.freenode.net
meta-system,89-92-67-214.hfc.dyn.abo.bbox.fr,Meta.System.Corp,sinisalo.freenode.net
marcelius,stalkr.net,nolose,hitchcock.freenode.net
gko2,114-32-172-194.HINET-IP.hinet.net,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
sigma_g,ks.kadarniad.fr,Alexis,card.freenode.net
JuanTitor,unaffiliated/ordiclic,Alexis,wolfe.freenode.net
Qwazerty,elena.qwazerty.eu,Kevin Houdebert,tepper.freenode.net
picooz,hyperion.starwing.fr,O_o,wolfe.freenode.net
[kortex],freemind.ovh,Got ZNC?,barjavel.freenode.net
Oddmonger,unaffiliated/oddmonger,Odd,wolfe.freenode.net
t0ne,yorozuya.t0ne.net,t0ne,barjavel.freenode.net
Sandlayth,unaffiliated/kaliiiixx,kalix,tepper.freenode.net
Enjolras,unaffiliated/enjolras,enjolras,verne.freenode.net
xse,unaffiliated/xse,xse,adams.freenode.net
piqure,unaffiliated/niko/bot/piqure,https://github.com/ncoevoet/ChanTracker,leguin.freenode.net
adeschamps,2607:5300:60:abe::1,adeschamps,karatkievich.freenode.net
lolop,ber24-h02-176-128-75-85.dsl.sta.abo.bbox.fr,realname,tepper.freenode.net
wowi42,94.200.16.66,wowi42,leguin.freenode.net
Karazhan,kingslanding.unix-experience.fr,noname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Biganon,unaffiliated/biganon,biganon,karatkievich.freenode.net
murasakiiru,195.154.45.193,Murasakiiru,barjavel.freenode.net
Xenthys,bfnt/staff/botters.xenthys,Dylan Ysmal,card.freenode.net
Reihar,2001:41d0:1:746d::1,Reihar,leguin.freenode.net
defane,ring0.re,defane,karatkievich.freenode.net
tarok,mon75-4-82-224-194-165.fbx.proxad.net,tarok,leguin.freenode.net
eephyne,eephyne.ovh,eephyne,asimov.freenode.net
taharqa,195-154-75-101.rev.poneytelecom.eu,taharqa,niven.freenode.net
sheep,uncyclopedia/Starnestommy,Lucius Valentius Dormiens,wolfe.freenode.net
floreal,2a01:e34:ec27:8030::1337,FlorÃ©al (RPi),adams.freenode.net
Dumbeldor,ip100.ip-164-132-77.eu,Vincent,hitchcock.freenode.net
Throgkt,weirddeaddown.eu,Throgkt,asimov.freenode.net
DasFranck,5.196.200.182,DasFranck,niven.freenode.net
matael,ks29987.kimsufi.com,"matael,tepper.freenode.net
popux,93.186.152.131,popux,orwell.freenode.net
Codimp,home.lithio.fr,Doctor,wilhelm.freenode.net
palatin,unaffiliated/palatin,6032,card.freenode.net
parasite,mar75-4-82-230-46-11.fbx.proxad.net,parasite,tepper.freenode.net
ThOsam,prox-int-49.cozycloud.cc,ThOsam,hitchcock.freenode.net
erufu,ns378352.ip-5-196-68.eu,erufu,weber.freenode.net
marneus,iridia.fr,No,card.freenode.net
gandem,nat/ecp/x-higkclosxqzzajfa,Nayef Ghattas,karatkievich.freenode.net
ark--,christophe.typhon.net,ark,tepper.freenode.net
kotaebot,pradic.com,kotaebot,wolfe.freenode.net
LordVoldemort,unaffiliated/chipsterone,LordVoldemort,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
purl,rikers.org,TimRiker's infobot,sinisalo.freenode.net
catay,valyria.catay.be,Steven Mertens,karatkievich.freenode.net
gtank,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-snapzyznhgtggjqf,gtank,karatkievich.freenode.net
keonkim,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-everysyslstapjqv,keonkim,rajaniemi.freenode.net
wiking,huwico/staff/wiking,wiking,tepper.freenode.net
lozhnikov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cjjruwfqbszndbxt,Mikhail Lozhnikov,wilhelm.freenode.net
Casper_,189.121.255.48,spock,niven.freenode.net
rcurtin,knife.lugatgt.org,Ryan Curtin,hitchcock.freenode.net
Rodya,himitsu-chan.com,Rodya,adams.freenode.net
zoq,urgs.org,Marcus Edel,karatkievich.freenode.net
jenkins-mlpack,knife.lugatgt.org,PircBotX 1.9, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bot,wolfe.freenode.net
FuntDobra,213.251.198.102,FuntDobra,sinisalo.freenode.net
shattered,beacon.qnaut.com,A neutral male gnomish Ranger,karatkievich.freenode.net
dmbaturin,srv-se.enfan.org,Daniil M. Baturin,weber.freenode.net
qweo,shell.bshellz.net,rider,wilhelm.freenode.net
ASau,x590fefca.dyn.telefonica.de,unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
wladmis,piscatus.cs.msu.ru,wladmis,card.freenode.net
DGASAU,lmpc.drb.insel.de,unknown,tepper.freenode.net
f8l,dhcp95-108-67-92.eaw.com.pl,f8l,sinisalo.freenode.net
ryoshu,netbsd/developer/kamil,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
kyky-bot_94,213.251.198.102,kyky-bot_94,sinisalo.freenode.net
clind,gam14-1-82-67-97-121.fbx.proxad.net,Got ZNC?,barjavel.freenode.net
jonathan_,47.188.199.77.rev.sfr.net,jonathan,orwell.freenode.net
e1even,47.188.199.77.rev.sfr.net,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
mingyen,linux6.cs.nctu.edu.tw,Ming-Yen Chung,card.freenode.net
adaam,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pkkdaebtlswwsfch,adaam,wilhelm.freenode.net
yukogets_____,sakura.okoge.org,Yuu Kogetsu,adams.freenode.net
tyoro,119-231-65-202f1.kyt1.eonet.ne.jp,tyoro,verne.freenode.net
rimd2r,tm.rimd2r.info,rimd2r,tepper.freenode.net
RocketLL,rocketll.com,Lucas Lee,rajaniemi.freenode.net
KwBot,nikola/developer/kwpolska/bot/kwbot,Chris Warrickâs Friendly Bot,verne.freenode.net
ChrisWarrick,nikola/developer/kwpolska,Chris Warrick,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ADubhlaoich,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-migkuivrxgnrrziw,ADubhlaoich,niven.freenode.net
SteveDrees,209.180.58.170,SteveDrees,card.freenode.net
Disconsented,disconsented.com,James,niven.freenode.net
basile,wikimedia/guillom,Guillaume Paumier,leguin.freenode.net
keturn,199.195.140.73,acapnotic,niven.freenode.net
rikai,unaffiliated/rikai,rikai,niven.freenode.net
zz_capri,212.218.126.52,Kai Wagner,orwell.freenode.net
ralsina,192.241.197.159,Roberto Alsina,niven.freenode.net
chronodekar,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zxxyyostpxtsabhd,chronodekar,wilhelm.freenode.net
nimsi,take-that.student.ipv6.utwente.nl,Tijmen de Mes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cramm,django/committer/cramm,Ramiro Morales,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
willingc,104.236.79.184,willingc,adams.freenode.net
superfly,openlp/developer/superfly,Raoul Snyman,adams.freenode.net
Koni,lanas.konilabs.net,Nicolas,barjavel.freenode.net
podbay,podbay.net,podbay,asimov.freenode.net
[Tritium],venom.tritnet.com,Carnage,asimov.freenode.net
Guest53377,212.129.57.2,Kushal Das,niven.freenode.net
DalekSec,ubuntu/member/unit193,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
ndim,moooo.n-dimensional.de,Hans Ulrich Niedermann,karatkievich.freenode.net
x1101,mail.kered557.net,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
mmattice,unaffiliated/mmattice,mmattice,card.freenode.net
azazel,mail.arstecnica.it,Alberto Berti,asimov.freenode.net
queso,24-183-76-37.dhcp.eucl.wi.charter.com,Queso,wilhelm.freenode.net
pelbred,maskt.pw,pelbred,wilhelm.freenode.net
KaliLinuxGR,unaffiliated/kalilinuxgr,realname,asimov.freenode.net
polz,212.235.189.164,polz,hitchcock.freenode.net
JohnPreston72,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tddgucjolhahhtjg,John,barjavel.freenode.net
determinant,198.199.122.106,Ted,rajaniemi.freenode.net
copec,schrodbox.unaen.org,copec,asimov.freenode.net
draynium,45.63.76.107,needs coffee,rajaniemi.freenode.net
calculus,gentoo/user/calculus,calculus,rajaniemi.freenode.net
blueness,gentoo/developer/blueness,Anthony G. Basile,niven.freenode.net
Pinkbyte,gentoo/developer/pinkbyte,Sergey Popov,sinisalo.freenode.net
_hanhart,static.141.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,barjavel.freenode.net
macmaN,90.190.182.21,i wear my sunglasses at night.,karatkievich.freenode.net
thrasibule,2607:5300:60:2391::1,Guillaume Horel,wolfe.freenode.net
sungami,unaffiliated/sungami,sungami,wolfe.freenode.net
pmcg,draft.adepti.com,Paul,wilhelm.freenode.net
dlan,gentoo/developer/dlan,lan,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
xmw,gentoo/developer/xmw,Michael Weber,hitchcock.freenode.net
The_Paya,gentoo/developer/thepaya,CatÃ¡strofe de Ãndole ApocalÃ­ptica,leguin.freenode.net
t4bs,59.167.103.29,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
CcxWrk,asterix.te2000.cz,('.'),tepper.freenode.net
mrueg,gentoo/developer/mrueg,Manuel Rueger,adams.freenode.net
xdej,quatramaran.salle-s.org,xdej,weber.freenode.net
floppym,gentoo/developer/floppym,Mike Gilbert,adams.freenode.net
m4rcu5,546AF885.cm-12-3d.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Marcus van Dam,wolfe.freenode.net
andrey_utkin,decent.im,andrey_utkin,wolfe.freenode.net
Dessa,kvirc/staff/Dessa,Dessa,sinisalo.freenode.net
tfunnell,ec2-52-33-159-15.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,TF,asimov.freenode.net
likewhoa,s2.maserver.com,Fernando Reyes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pfeifer,c-67-185-53-231.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,Jay Pfeifer,sinisalo.freenode.net
Civil,gentoo/developer/civil,Vladimir Smirnov,niven.freenode.net
matt2,2601:249:1001:70c3:eca8:9ca1:71e9:4e28,matt,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pchrist,gentoo/developer/pchrist,Panagiotis Christopoulos,niven.freenode.net
alexxy,gentoo/developer/alexxy,Alexey Shvetsov,sinisalo.freenode.net
sinetek,sinet3k.com,sinetek,wilhelm.freenode.net
tumdedum,unaffiliated/espiral,tum-de-dum,card.freenode.net
srcerer_,dns2.klsairexpress.com,New Now Know How,sinisalo.freenode.net
Zero_Chaos,gentoo/developer/pentoo/zerochaos,Sid Hayn,card.freenode.net
hive-mind,67.53.153.59,hivemind,karatkievich.freenode.net
wired,gentoo/developer/wired,Alex,wolfe.freenode.net
bobstone_,mutsis.oli.fi,Antti Marmo,hitchcock.freenode.net
xarthisius,gentoo/developer/xarthisius,Kacper Kowalik,orwell.freenode.net
yegle,nat/google/x-ilooalgkwocuasgr,Yuchen Ying,adams.freenode.net
kurly,kurly.net,kurly,niven.freenode.net
blueness_,gentoo/developer/blueness,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Kelsar,unaffiliated/kelsar,Kelsar,sinisalo.freenode.net
jben,host.approximatifs.fr,jben,wilhelm.freenode.net
EgS,quassel/developer/egs,Marcus Eggenberger,kornbluth.freenode.net
schomin,63.237.9.162,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
robink,unaffilated/robink,Robin Kauffman,card.freenode.net
marlinc,1.0.0.127.13.204.167.185.in-addr.arpa,Marlinc,adams.freenode.net
holgersson,unaffiliated/holgersson,holgersson,karatkievich.freenode.net
dustinm,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dustinm,weber.freenode.net
mgorny,gentoo/developer/mgorny,Micha? Gï¿½rny,weber.freenode.net
mva,gentoo/contributor/mva,Vadim A. Misbakh-Soloviov,card.freenode.net
mofm,unaffiliated/mofm,mofm,card.freenode.net
ilovezfs_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-joxmqzokakpdjbjj,ilovezfs_,wolfe.freenode.net
heroxbd,gentoo/developer/heroxbd,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
MinceR,unaffiliated/mincer,.: Mincer Lightbringer :.,niven.freenode.net
steev,gentoo/developer/steev,Steev Klimaszewski,adams.freenode.net
matt_,ccpc-buzzer.bath.ac.uk,Matt,orwell.freenode.net
slyfox,gentoo/developer/slyfox,Sergei Trofimovich,wilhelm.freenode.net
kolla,cloudsmurf.kolla.no,KolbjÃ¸rn Barmen,asimov.freenode.net
willikins,gentoo/bot/Willikins,Gentoo Services Bot, based on Ruby bot (c) Giusepp,adams.freenode.net
kent\n,gentoo/developer/kentnl,Kent Fredric,karatkievich.freenode.net
redlizard,gentoo/developer/redlizard,redlizard,orwell.freenode.net
chithead,gentoo/developer/chithanh,Chï¿½-Thanh Christopher Nguy?n,sinisalo.freenode.net
twitch153,gentoo/developer/twitch153,Devan Franchini,tepper.freenode.net
AnAverageHuman,unaffiliated/anaveragehuman,AnAverageHuman,verne.freenode.net
le0uiae_,p54AEFB91.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Leonard Lausen,verne.freenode.net
catpigger,p54A56589.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,realname,leguin.freenode.net
fuzzyray,gentoo/developer/FuzzyRay,fuzzyray,sinisalo.freenode.net
dilfridge,gentoo/developer/dilfridge,Andreas K. Huettel,karatkievich.freenode.net
croddy,mail.roddy.cc,Chris Roddy,wolfe.freenode.net
danfrincu,unaffiliated/dannyb85/x-153710,"Dan Frincu",verne.freenode.net
tuxtor,unaffiliated/tuxtor,Victor Orozco,verne.freenode.net
CryingCyclops,ec2-54-187-212-117.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,CryingCyclops,wilhelm.freenode.net
uglyman,iceland.sdf.org,Kelly,adams.freenode.net
jcallen_,gentoo/developer/jcallen,Jonathan Callen,niven.freenode.net
MattressKitten,unaffiliated/captainniobe,NinjaKitten,card.freenode.net
SparkyProjects,host86-136-12-156.range86-136.btcentralplus.com,realname,niven.freenode.net
Zyferus,172-3-154-217.lightspeed.mssnks.sbcglobal.net,...,tepper.freenode.net
CyberDems,srv.webintuitive.co.za,Dimitri,barjavel.freenode.net
Ampelbein,ubuntu/member/ampelbein,Andreas Moog,wolfe.freenode.net
qengho,canonical/qengho,Chad MILLER,card.freenode.net
alecu,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zommukzzzdedbxol,Alejandro J. Cura,adams.freenode.net
Tm_T,ubuntu/member/kde.developer.jkekkonen,Tm_T is also known as Jussi Kekkonen,leguin.freenode.net
charles,pdpc/supporter/active/charles,Charles Kerr,orwell.freenode.net
pitti,ubuntu/member/pitti,Martin Pitt,niven.freenode.net
JanC,lugwv/member/JanC,Jan Claeys,hitchcock.freenode.net
BigWhale,lubica.net,David Klasinc,wilhelm.freenode.net
tjaalton,kapsi.fi,Timo Aaltonen,niven.freenode.net
ralsina,192.241.197.159,Roberto Alsina,niven.freenode.net
muktupavels,84.237.203.231,Alberts MuktupÄvels,hitchcock.freenode.net
mcs__,cpc16-hawk12-2-0-cust146.18-1.cable.virginm.net,matthew,leguin.freenode.net
sabdfl,195.10.110.150,Mark Shuttleworth,card.freenode.net
davmor2,cpc88265-wolv19-2-0-cust989.16-1.cable.virginm.net,Dave Morley,verne.freenode.net
mhall119,ubuntu/member/mhall119,Michael Hall,barjavel.freenode.net
Noskcaj,ubuntu/member/noskcaj,Jackson Doak,niven.freenode.net
andyrock,ubuntu/member/andyrock,Andrea Azzarone,wilhelm.freenode.net
hggdh,ubuntu/member/hggdh,C de-Avillez,orwell.freenode.net
Guest54683,li826-51.members.linode.com,Joey Zheng,tepper.freenode.net
broder,ubuntu/member/broder,Evan Broder,adams.freenode.net
Amoz,h-73-178.a192.priv.bahnhof.se,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
apw,ubuntu/member/apw,apw,rajaniemi.freenode.net
camako,47.184.164.20,Cemil Azizoglu,karatkievich.freenode.net
mpt,canonical/mpt,Matthew Paul Thomas,leguin.freenode.net
djinni`,68.ip-149-56-14.net,djinni,weber.freenode.net
attente,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ppmmpwyhcarhunar,William Hua,wolfe.freenode.net
ubot5`,ubuntu/bot/ubot5,Ubuntu IRC Bot,karatkievich.freenode.net
TheMuso,ubuntu/member/themuso,Luke Yelavich,sinisalo.freenode.net
hurricanehrndz,znc.techbyte.ca,Carlos Hernandez,kornbluth.freenode.net
xclaesse,2a00:1098:0:82:1000:25:2eeb:e3e4,Xavier Claessens,niven.freenode.net
ayan,147.137.211.130.bc.googleusercontent.com,Ayan George,hitchcock.freenode.net
siel,unaffiliated/motley,siel,karatkievich.freenode.net
Trevinho,ubuntu/member/trevinho,Marco Trevisan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bigon,ubuntu/member/bigon,Laurent Bigonville,wilhelm.freenode.net
flexiondotorg,ubuntu/member/flexiondotorg,Martin Wimpress,karatkievich.freenode.net
darkxst,ubuntu/member/darkxst,,wilhelm.freenode.net
maxb,jabberwock.vm.bytemark.co.uk,Max Bowsher,hitchcock.freenode.net
Saviq,sawicz.net,MichaÅ Sawicz,kornbluth.freenode.net
faenil,static.186.47.47.78.clients.your-server.de,Andrea Bernabei,wolfe.freenode.net
marlinc,1.0.0.127.13.204.167.185.in-addr.arpa,Marlinc,adams.freenode.net
PaulW2U_,ubuntu/member/paulw2u,Paul White,adams.freenode.net
jbrett,162.213.216.140,Brett Johnson,niven.freenode.net
rcj,104.198.22.245,Robert Jennings,hitchcock.freenode.net
Sedo,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::12f:8001,Manuel Thallinger,niven.freenode.net
dupondje,artemis.dupie.be,Jean-Louis Dupond,niven.freenode.net
jackyu,218.76.23.26,jackyu,leguin.freenode.net
vila,lec67-4-82-230-53-244.fbx.proxad.net,Vincent Ladeuil,rajaniemi.freenode.net
RAOF,150.101.105.211,Christopher James Halse Rogers,wilhelm.freenode.net
desrt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-svagtejmfoomaogn,Allison Lortie,wolfe.freenode.net
jose,ubuntu/member/jose,JosÃ© Antonio Rey,orwell.freenode.net
shengyao_,2400:8901::f03c:91ff:fedb:b2e4,Shengyao_Xue,niven.freenode.net
xnox,ubuntu/member/xnox,Dimitri John Ledkov,hobana.freenode.net
flocculant,unaffiliated/flocculant,flocculant,tepper.freenode.net
ohama,cicolina.org,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
hyperair,ubuntu/member/hyperair,Chow Loong Jin - 0x588752A1,roddenberry.freenode.net
ogra_,p5098ed03.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Oliver Grawert,leguin.freenode.net
jcastro,ubuntu/member/jcastro,Jorge Castro,barjavel.freenode.net
mdeslaur,ubuntu/member/mdeslaur,Marc Deslauriers,card.freenode.net
ahoneybun,ubuntu/member/ahoneybun,Aaron Honeycutt,weber.freenode.net
infinity,loki.0c3.net,Adam Conrad (B1CDE58F,C6CEA0C9),karatkievich.freenode.net
ajmitch,ubuntu/member/ajmitch,Andrew Mitchell,karatkievich.freenode.net
ochosi,xfce/core-developer/ochosi,Simon Steinbeiss,wilhelm.freenode.net
meetingology,ubuntu/bot/meetingology,meetingology,tepper.freenode.net
happyaron,ubuntu/member/happyaron,Aron Xu,niven.freenode.net
Kamilion,botters/Kamilion,I am kamilion. But you knew that, didn't you.,asimov.freenode.net
tedg,ubuntu/member/ted,Ted Gould,adams.freenode.net
_fortis,static.141.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,fortis,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sarvatt,canonical/sarvatt,Robert Hooker,card.freenode.net
duflu,203-59-188-125.dyn.iinet.net.au,Daniel van Vugt,sinisalo.freenode.net
Sweet5hark,ip5f5afc0d.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,Bjoern Michaelsen,karatkievich.freenode.net
dkessel,ubuntu/member/dkessel,dkessel,wolfe.freenode.net
bdrung,ubuntu/member/bdrung,Benjamin Drung,hitchcock.freenode.net
lool,debian/developer/lool,Loic Minier,asimov.freenode.net
marga,nereida.gnuservers.com.ar,Margarita Manterola,card.freenode.net
CrazyLemon,2a00:ee2:6000:800::1,:),wolfe.freenode.net
pesari,gateway/shell/tkk.fi/x-jcziplcelpdgtdsu,Mikko Pesari,orwell.freenode.net
jhernandez,91.180.82.244,Javier HernÃ¡ndez,hitchcock.freenode.net
renato__,181.221.107.35,realname,tepper.freenode.net
mackie,97-101-46-128.res.bhn.net,mackie,barjavel.freenode.net
dobey,pool-108-39-67-87.nrflva.fios.verizon.net,Rodney Dawes,karatkievich.freenode.net
kenvandine,ubuntu/member/kenvandine,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
larsu,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gnkgrboggsoptnts,Lars,adams.freenode.net
MushroomNZ,burrito.whatbox.ca,MushroomNZ,roddenberry.freenode.net
DanChapman,ubuntu/member/dpniel,Dan Chapman,karatkievich.freenode.net
liuxg,123.119.100.220,liuxg,karatkievich.freenode.net
DalekSec,ubuntu/member/unit193,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
ksamak,los75-4-88-190-86-116.fbxo.proxad.net,ksamak,wolfe.freenode.net
FJKong,ubuntu/member/FJKong,FJKong,niven.freenode.net
lifeless,122-57-100-209.jetstream.xtra.co.nz,Robert Collins,adams.freenode.net
Spydar007,unaffiliated/spydar007,Darcy Marshall,card.freenode.net
cimi,cpc33-slam6-2-0-cust169.2-4.cable.virginm.net,Andrea Cimitan,tepper.freenode.net
rvr,8.red-88-25-156.staticip.rima-tde.net,VÃ­ctor R. Ruiz,verne.freenode.net
sarnold,174-25-135-38.ptld.qwest.net,Seth Arnold,leguin.freenode.net
robru,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-usrrypmycqfhakra,robru,karatkievich.freenode.net
hikiko,unaffiliated/hikiko,Eleni Maria Stea,asimov.freenode.net
bregma,xplr-23-239-33-107.xplornet.com,Stephen M. Webb,barjavel.freenode.net
alex-abreu,mtrlpq2314w-lp130-05-70-55-70-68.dsl.bell.ca,alex,barjavel.freenode.net
cebreidian,45.63.76.107,Don't Panic,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tyhicks,canonical/tyhicks,Tyler Hicks,hitchcock.freenode.net
cyphermox,ubuntu/member/pdpc.supporter.active.cyphermox,Matt Trudel,wilhelm.freenode.net
jdstrand,ubuntu/member/jdstrand,Jamie Strandboge,asimov.freenode.net
dgadomski,canonical/dgadomski,Dariusz Gadomski,wolfe.freenode.net
jhenke,2a04:ce40:100:da::101:5,Jan Henke,niven.freenode.net
mitya57,ubuntu/member/mitya57,Dmitry Shachnev,niven.freenode.net
davidcalle,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kejhrmisfklzsvah,David CallÃ©,wolfe.freenode.net
zzarr,h83-209-217-68.cust.se.alltele.net,Rasmus Jonsson,hitchcock.freenode.net
ubot9,ubuntu/bot/ubot93,Ubuntu OP's bot.,weber.freenode.net
strycore,62-210-136-153.rev.poneytelecom.eu,strycore,wilhelm.freenode.net
ahayzen,ubuntu/member/ahayzen,Andrew Hayzen,adams.freenode.net
Texou,unaffiliated/texou,Texou,adams.freenode.net
mikedld|w,128.140.241.11,Mike Gelfand,niven.freenode.net
zsombi,bitwelder.fi,Zsombor Egri,tepper.freenode.net
czajkowski,193.1.99.74,Laura Czajkowski,adams.freenode.net
jibel,65.93.189.91.lcy-01.canonistack.canonical.com,j-lallement,niven.freenode.net
bzoltan,juhfark.hu,Zoltï¿½n Balogh,verne.freenode.net
DenBeiren,78-20-238-68.access.telenet.be,denbeiren,hitchcock.freenode.net
shiznix,gentoo/user/shiznix,Rick,hitchcock.freenode.net
asac,debian/developer/asac,Alexander Sack,wilhelm.freenode.net
ubuntulog,ubuntu/bot/ubuntulog,log bot:: contact rt@ubuntu.com,adams.freenode.net
jjohansen,static-50-53-51-193.bvtn.or.frontiernet.net,purple,asimov.freenode.net
vhost,198.50.144.233,Eleet Ddos Protection by Researcher,adams.freenode.net
ProActive,antiddos.science,Eleet Ddos Protection by Researcher,wolfe.freenode.net
Shani,unaffiliated/researcher,Lets change this world together,wolfe.freenode.net
vigilant,vigilant.anserq.com,Anser Quraishi,asimov.freenode.net
Dj,unaffiliated/dj,Geeks never need any introduction,card.freenode.net
Contributor,104.223.31.162,root,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ShoaibJahejo,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-eavllgqagcqaadel,ShoaibJahejo,karatkievich.freenode.net
Researcher-,gtld.ovh,AnycastCloud v31919b - CF ID:awxa335,wilhelm.freenode.net
kylo,ec2-54-164-32-60.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Kylo G,weber.freenode.net
[0__0],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me/,orwell.freenode.net
`brian,2604:a880:1:20::21:5001,ohai,niven.freenode.net
ken_barber,puppetlabs/eng/ken-barber,Ken Barber,sinisalo.freenode.net
cprice404,192.69.65.16,cprice,verne.freenode.net
Maeddoc,178.62.232.12,root,adams.freenode.net
Knorrie,yoshi.kantoor.mendix.nl,Hans van Kranenburg,niven.freenode.net
Stitch1,2a01:7c8:aaba:44a:5054:ff:feaa:8d62,Stitch,niven.freenode.net
Maxell,duplex.bewaar.me,Maxell,tepper.freenode.net
Juerd,computervrede.nl,Juerd,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zarya,sayumi.gigafreak.net,zarya,orwell.freenode.net
Wheeze_NL|AFK,ZNC.BorstNet.nl,LPV,verne.freenode.net
kragniz,nyaa.kragniz.eu,kragniz,asimov.freenode.net
questor,cl-77.ede-01.nl.sixxs.net,Michel,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hp197,unaffiliated/hp197,PD0OM,hitchcock.freenode.net
rolfvandekrol,joshua.rvdk.info,Rolf van de Krol,leguin.freenode.net
Sebastius,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lytheckedfxxioef,Sebastius,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
jolee,24-107-33-42.dhcp.stls.mo.charter.com,Johnathon Lee,karatkievich.freenode.net
Viperlin,conky/user/viperlin,Viperlin,tepper.freenode.net
tristan,gentoo/developer/tristan,tristan,wilhelm.freenode.net
FamousEccles,gentoo/developer/NeddySeagoon,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
balkamos,unaffiliated/motley,balkamos,sinisalo.freenode.net
xayto,cpc69387-oxfd28-2-0-cust517.4-3.cable.virginm.net,Craig Inches,rajaniemi.freenode.net
UberPing1in,208.102.208.124,pinguin,karatkievich.freenode.net
Monkeh,unaffiliated/monkeh,Monkeh,verne.freenode.net
Naib,fu/hw/naib,j,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
willikins,gentoo/bot/Willikins,Gentoo Services Bot, based on Ruby bot (c) Giusepp,adams.freenode.net
NeddySeagoon,gentoo/developer/NeddySeagoon,Neddy Seagoon,barjavel.freenode.net
l2cache,extropia.coredev.org.uk,cachedtl,sinisalo.freenode.net
benjaminr,server2.shellfire.net,Benjamin,verne.freenode.net
t3b,HSI-KBW-109-192-154-166.hsi6.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de,#TYPO3 bot by @thephpjo - https://github.com/theph,rajaniemi.freenode.net
desy,huber-its.de,desy,niven.freenode.net
LordLamer,dione.universe.linuxdelta.de,Frank Habermann,barjavel.freenode.net
PinkyFly,www.localghost.us,Pinky,verne.freenode.net
_hanhart,static.141.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,barjavel.freenode.net
fr34k,2a03:4000:1::2e26:f217:1,muhQ,sinisalo.freenode.net
xaver,xaver.rocks,xaver,wilhelm.freenode.net
Luna_Moonfang,trivialand/student/luna-moonfang,Luna,asimov.freenode.net
iaj,static.136.47.47.78.clients.your-server.de,iaj,card.freenode.net
drlimbo,82.192.84.111,drlimbo,hitchcock.freenode.net
NamelessCoder,188.166.25.138,Claus,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
bnf,bnfr.net,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
cedricziel,2a01:4f8:150:62e4::1:6,Cedric Ziel,adams.freenode.net
Smirftsch,p20030051A9062D00A5E051216BCA866A.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Smirftsch,rajaniemi.freenode.net
alwis,5.230.218.54,alwis,adams.freenode.net
gevatter,2001:470:537b:110:5054:ff:feb9:bc18,Philipp,karatkievich.freenode.net
ponyfleisch,playground.ctrlm.ch,ponyfleisch,wolfe.freenode.net
hlob,pcrw00432.uni-regensburg.de,rolf,adams.freenode.net
nige,134.119.236.61,nige,niven.freenode.net
Mikail,obelix.altunbas.info,Mikail Altunbas,niven.freenode.net
pixelma,rockbox/staff/pixelma,Marianne,rajaniemi.freenode.net
devnode,p5489EEF7.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,dev,verne.freenode.net
Guest3866,u.internetz.me,shroudBNC User,karatkievich.freenode.net
HellTiger,dslb-178-012-063-222.178.012.pools.vodafone-ip.de,7,1HellTiger,verne.freenode.net
alex_s,hydrus.uberspace.de,Alex,orwell.freenode.net
ziegenberg_off,gw01.ptscientists.com,Daniel Ziegenberg,adams.freenode.net
Number-5,li270-232.members.linode.com,/msg typobot hello,barjavel.freenode.net
gehaxelt,ns359051.ip-91-121-155.eu,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
featdd,lacerta.uberspace.de,Daniel Dorndorf,barjavel.freenode.net
saschaschmidt,v22015031657224084.yourvserver.net,Sascha Marcel Schmidt,barjavel.freenode.net
jamiro,g5v.de,jamiro,orwell.freenode.net
boonkerz,static.130.78.9.5.clients.your-server.de,Peterson",niven.freenode.net
jskarpet,173.38.220.47,...,orwell.freenode.net
sbadia,marcellin.sebian.fr,Seb,verne.freenode.net
dhoppe,daedalus.debian-solutions.de,Dennis Hoppe,rajaniemi.freenode.net
iNs,krowkirobia.mooo.com,ins,rajaniemi.freenode.net
wby,ns1.veggiechinese.net,William Yardley,card.freenode.net
shellers_,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::1aef:a001,Shelly Coen,sinisalo.freenode.net
HAIL9000,192.241.198.22,Hailee Kenney,asimov.freenode.net
ubersmith,50-245-121-180-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,trevor,wolfe.freenode.net
hogepodge,c-24-20-238-120.hsd1.or.comcast.net,Chris Hoge,sinisalo.freenode.net
ashp,li1255-37.members.linode.com,none,orwell.freenode.net
fatmcgav,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe6e:5a5d,Gavin W,niven.freenode.net
as0bu,159.203.246.219,as0bu,verne.freenode.net
Hunner,puppetlabs/ps/Hunner,Hunter Haugen,niven.freenode.net
apanek,blog.panek.work,A. PÃ¡nek,barjavel.freenode.net
lazyfrosch,icinga/team/lazyfrosch,Markus Frosch,leguin.freenode.net
cy4n,hi.cyanide.de,chris,wilhelm.freenode.net
nibalizer,2604:a880:800:10::18aa:f001,nibz,niven.freenode.net
Chepra,summer.c137.eu,Bjoern Haeuser,wilhelm.freenode.net
davewongillies,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ycztlufpnbcckzee,David Gillies,wolfe.freenode.net
nanliu,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mfyrvunkkxtakblr,nanliu,rajaniemi.freenode.net
fadenb,hetznix.fraktalgemuese.de,fadenb,sinisalo.freenode.net
igalic,apache/committer/igalic,Igor Gali?,sinisalo.freenode.net
fiddyspence,ibroketheinternet.co.uk,fids,niven.freenode.net
petems,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hnexogfaocvxjpud,Peter Souter,rajaniemi.freenode.net
virusuy,unaffiliated/virusuy,virus uy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
electrical,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xbescjrhmeuizgvg,Richard Pijnenburg,wilhelm.freenode.net
vStone,gir.irken.org,"Jon Arbuckle",adams.freenode.net
zipkid,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ejtygxyubyerfpsn,Stefan Goethals,wolfe.freenode.net
EmilienM,unaffiliated/emilienm,Emilien Macchi,wolfe.freenode.net
mwhahaha,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nkicgkrshbhvgxhd,Alex S,adams.freenode.net
friendly12345,203-219-255-86.tpgi.com.au,friendly,rajaniemi.freenode.net
basic`,drupal.org/association-staff/basic,Rudy Grigar,wolfe.freenode.net
swa_work,23-233-17-243.cpe.pppoe.ca,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ghoneycutt,unaffiliated/ghoneycutt,garrett,asimov.freenode.net
runejuhl,240-239-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,runejuhl,barjavel.freenode.net
finchd,aron.dfin.ch,Donovan Finch <finchd@dfin.ch>,asimov.freenode.net
jesusaur,c-50-139-82-66.hsd1.or.comcast.net,Jonathan Harker,weber.freenode.net
kylo,ec2-54-164-32-60.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Kylo G,weber.freenode.net
bastelfreak,basteles-bastelknecht.bastelfreak.org,bastelfreak,hitchcock.freenode.net
purpleidea,unaffiliated/purpleidea,,wolfe.freenode.net
duritong,ishell.glei.ch,ng,wilhelm.freenode.net
squarebracket,2604:a880:800:10::7ea:1001,Chuck,niven.freenode.net
eputnam,2610:10:20:208:ceaa:77ff:fe2d:49a1,Eric Putnam,wolfe.freenode.net
fraq,ircd1.sithmail.com,briggsb,barjavel.freenode.net
p4rsec,unaffiliated/p4rsec,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
cryptk,nasadmin/cryptk,cryptk,wilhelm.freenode.net
taron,abyss.taron.rip,Emma Barber,niven.freenode.net
cinderhaze,c-174-54-69-135.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,cinderhaze,card.freenode.net
johnzimm,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tzzgddqprnnpbmrd,j.zimmerman,wilhelm.freenode.net
faker_,2a00:1910:55ef::124,faker_,adams.freenode.net
VladGh,ip72-211-94-127.no.no.cox.net,Vlad,adams.freenode.net
crayfishx,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::7:400f,Craig Dunn,niven.freenode.net
damnski,c-73-89-170-158.hsd1.ct.comcast.net,damnski,verne.freenode.net
drybjed,helios.gumed.edu.pl,drybjed,adams.freenode.net
crinkle,zim.cat.pdx.edu,Colleen Murphy,tepper.freenode.net
Torben,51.175.58.33,TorbjÃ¸rn Lium,card.freenode.net
danzilio,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lmvavyzacxkedkjy,David Danzilio,wolfe.freenode.net
straylen,aiadm11.cern.ch,Steve Traylen,wolfe.freenode.net
binford2k,eaprendiz.com.br,Ben Ford,niven.freenode.net
zleslie,unaffiliated/zleslie,zleslie,karatkievich.freenode.net
jasonium,216-107-193-155.static.firstlight.net,Jason A.,wolfe.freenode.net
tphoney,destiny.cat.pdx.edu,TP Honey,wilhelm.freenode.net
Dominic,chaldene.m0dlx.com,Dominic Cleal,wolfe.freenode.net
tampakrap,opensuse/member/tampakrap,Theo Chatzimichos,sinisalo.freenode.net
Izlots,2a01:170:16::1:1,Christian Schroer,wolfe.freenode.net
roidelapluie,unaffiliated/roidelapluie,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
yo61,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ruqcscsymbjjlrum,Robin Bowes,adams.freenode.net
blacktoko,web01.fuur.nl,Tom,niven.freenode.net
rski,ppp005054125017.access.hol.gr,rski,tepper.freenode.net
afisher,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yhaaejqwjdyfjmcl,Alexander Fisher,asimov.freenode.net
bkero,osuosl/staff/bkero,bkero,adams.freenode.net
bmjen,2610:10:20:208:ceaa:77ff:fe2d:49a1,Bryan Jen,niven.freenode.net
tdb,myrtle.kent.ac.uk,Tim Bishop,barjavel.freenode.net
rnelson0,99-102-5-182.lightspeed.iplsin.sbcglobal.net,rnelson0,wilhelm.freenode.net
f3ew_,2.d3.1343.static.theplanet.com,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
madAndroid,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nmbduwvlpiylwguw,Andrew Stangl,karatkievich.freenode.net
TheVoxFox1337,basteles-bastelknecht.bastelfreak.org,TheVoxFox1337,adams.freenode.net
aaa801,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gckysnhewchjgcst,aaa801,wolfe.freenode.net
Shentino,gentoo/contributor/shentino,John Doe,sinisalo.freenode.net
sergio-br2,177.33.247.89,Sï¿½rgio Benjamim,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
orbea,unaffiliated/orbea,orbea,asimov.freenode.net
TSS_,188.26.135.2,time_spanned_soul,wolfe.freenode.net
Orphis,adam.orphis.net,Orphis,orwell.freenode.net
Fa1th,46.101.133.147,John Doe,wilhelm.freenode.net
O01eg,2a02:2698:823:61db:47c:7acf:c2d4:520d,Unknown,niven.freenode.net
nogagplz_,202-159-169-2.dyn.iinet.net.au,nogagplz,hitchcock.freenode.net
superrorc,unaffiliated/superrorc,Gregor Zamza,niven.freenode.net
Quo-fan,unaffiliated/quo-fan,Terho Nikkila,weber.freenode.net
markelite,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-mvwzqsznmzjauohf,Mark,wolfe.freenode.net
sard,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mpdzqfsnfitfhgre,sard,wolfe.freenode.net
Guest56892,unzip.strip.touch.finger.mount.fsck.unmount.sleep.firrre.com,I'm a Jedi Knight,wolfe.freenode.net
InventorTechie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ieimlzxibuenpqzx,kgemini22,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
mikedep333,ec2-52-205-133-14.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
GIANT_CRAB,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xryuovxjulaewoji,Huiren Woo,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
snotty,unaffiliated/snotty,withaT,orwell.freenode.net
tium,percival.namespace.at,tium,rajaniemi.freenode.net
linky,static.68.105.63.178.clients.your-server.de,0.71,wilhelm.freenode.net
noethics,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/ebonics,noethics,sinisalo.freenode.net
glowcoil,ell.io,Micah Johnston,tepper.freenode.net
isHavvy,unaffiliated/havvy,Jasmine Sophrone,hitchcock.freenode.net
ecmabot,boshi.inimino.org,Chetter Hummin,barjavel.freenode.net
gkatsev,oftn/oswg-board/gkatsev,George Katsevman,hitchcock.freenode.net
GreenJello,unaffiliated/greenjello,GreenJello,wilhelm.freenode.net
FireFly,freenode/staff/firefly,FireFly,verne.freenode.net
Gregor,71.19.155.102,Gregor Richards,karatkievich.freenode.net
tbranyen,97.107.132.235,yourname,weber.freenode.net
incomprehensibly,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ahlykaylvqvukykh,Micah Johnston,adams.freenode.net
Raynos,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iauocfafuhxctmmg,Jake Verbaten,wolfe.freenode.net
gf3,104.131.182.162,Gianni Chiappetta,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ljharb,oftn/oswg-member/ljharb,Jordan,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sorella,oftn/oswg-member/Sorella,Quil,leguin.freenode.net
ELLIOTTCABLE,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qkatvegbxzvtudpe,Elliott Cable,sinisalo.freenode.net
devyn,oftn/oswg-board/devyn,Devyn Cairns,weber.freenode.net
babelboot,45.55.158.214,Guest,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Gilgameshkun,c-174-52-128-79.hsd1.ut.comcast.net,New Now Know How,wilhelm.freenode.net
yorick,oftn/oswg-member/yorick,Yorick,barjavel.freenode.net
ashnur,unaffiliated/ashnur,suly",orwell.freenode.net
mathiasbynens,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ghkrvheuwmbhitpi,Mathias Bynens,wilhelm.freenode.net
inimino,oftn/oswg-board/inimino,inimino,weber.freenode.net
ec\,ell.io,ELLIOTTCABLE,tepper.freenode.net
NeaN,fob.spline.inf.fu-berlin.de,elouin,tepper.freenode.net
TheJJ,ipbcc36896.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,JJ,asimov.freenode.net
Smedles,CPE-58-160-77-59.ssqn1.lon.bigpond.net.au,Paul Smedley,weber.freenode.net
Ipsilon,104.236.134.122,Ipsilon,adams.freenode.net
DeFender1031,93-172-151-164.bb.netvision.net.il,Dan,asimov.freenode.net
nore,sas.eleves.ens.fr,ncourant,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Soliton,wesnoth/developer/soliton,Soliton,orwell.freenode.net
Jetrel,2001:558:6014:1e:2422:435:dd84:bbf3,Jetrel,karatkievich.freenode.net
FinalBossDad,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rjhyplavlcrdrjzk,Misandrist X,wilhelm.freenode.net
Appleman1234,KD106161200068.au-net.ne.jp,Benjamin Southall,card.freenode.net
someone_,gateway/web/freenode/ip.67.168.145.101,67.168.145.101 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
dobson,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dobson,weber.freenode.net
Falcon`,ip248.ip-5-196-244.eu,Falcon,tepper.freenode.net
elias,allegro/developer/allefant,allefant,niven.freenode.net
TC02,venus.arosser.com,Ben Rosser,weber.freenode.net
APic,apic.name,A. Pic. - my name since YOLD 3149,card.freenode.net
TC01,london.acm.jhu.edu,Ben Rosser,sinisalo.freenode.net
_iwc,static.184.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,wilhelm.freenode.net
Murgatroyd,75-167-205-120.cdrr.qwest.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
cyphase,unaffiliated/cyphase,Cyphase,orwell.freenode.net
edaq,h184-60-58-252.cytnin.broadband.dynamic.tds.net,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ArneBab,freenet/developer/arnebab,Quassel IRC User,tepper.freenode.net
namad8,pool-100-6-158-12.pitbpa.fios.verizon.net,namad2,asimov.freenode.net
celticminstrel,unaffiliated/celticminstrel,Celtic Minstrel,hitchcock.freenode.net
iwaim,124.146.179.10,iwaim,wilhelm.freenode.net
Rhonda,anguilla.debian.or.at,Rhonda D'Vine,weber.freenode.net
vultraz,wesnoth/developer/vultraz,New Now Know How,orwell.freenode.net
PjotrOrial,unaffiliated/pjotrorial,Stefan Beller,verne.freenode.net
oldlaptop,162.247.150.37,oldlaptop,verne.freenode.net
aeth,wesnoth/umc-dev/developer/aethaeryn,Michael,asimov.freenode.net
janebot,unaffiliated/gambit/bot/gambot,Perl Gambot,card.freenode.net
frainz,mmisc.de,Frainz,orwell.freenode.net
Polsaker,donger/wielder/Polsaker,Polsaker,hitchcock.freenode.net
minbonbon,meta23.net,lemmin,verne.freenode.net
MadMerlin,206-248-167-197.dsl.teksavvy.com,Nobody,adams.freenode.net
knotwork__,99.192.95.6,Mark Metson,tepper.freenode.net
soloojos,gateway/tor-sasl/soloojos,realname,zelazny.freenode.net
salluc69,host242-221-dynamic.14-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,Luciano Salerno,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Gambit,wesnoth/developer/grickit,Derek,orwell.freenode.net
Jetrel_bot,ec2.happyspork.com,jetrel,card.freenode.net
Vorpal,unaffiliated/vorpal,Vorpal,barjavel.freenode.net
DDR,ec2.happyspork.com,David,wolfe.freenode.net
bumbadadabum,wesnoth/developer/bumbadadabum,BÃ¤r Halberkamp,wolfe.freenode.net
HeyCitizen,sttrpq3809w-lp140-03-70-50-156-171.dsl.bell.ca,HeyCitizen,wolfe.freenode.net
Xjs|moonshine,chrysostomos.aoide.de,Jannis Andrija Schnitzer,leguin.freenode.net
loonycyborg,wesnoth/developer/loonycyborg,Sergey Popov,karatkievich.freenode.net
demok,178.62.242.27,Ok An,tepper.freenode.net
EliDupree,2604:a880:400:d0::9bb:2001,Eli Dupree,wolfe.freenode.net
Lirion,wikimedia-commons/Lirion,Montgomery Python,leguin.freenode.net
vincent_c,vcheng.org,Vincent Cheng,weber.freenode.net
Yaiyan,46.101.48.31,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
Ivanovic,wesnoth/developer/ivanovic,Ivanovics Bouncer,karatkievich.freenode.net
Samual,xonotic/core-team/Samual,Samual,rajaniemi.freenode.net
prkc,46.166.190.224,prkc,niven.freenode.net
clavi,163-172-10-77.rev.poneytelecom.eu,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
tokage,fsfe/tokage,tokage,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lobby,wesnoth/bot/lobby,Wesnoth (http://www.wesnoth.org/irclogs/),asimov.freenode.net
MrSauzer,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gaxinuxfycogextw,Cromajo,hitchcock.freenode.net
jurkan,granny.omameier.net,Blablubb,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Elsi,luwin.ulrar.net,Elsi,karatkievich.freenode.net
ircuser-1,158.183-62-69.ftth.swbr.surewest.net,Johnny Von Neumann,weber.freenode.net
cameronfr,2604:a880:1:20::1e5:900f,Cameron,karatkievich.freenode.net
duoi,unaffiliated/duoi,duoi,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sagerdearia,unaffiliated/necrodearia,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
zenguy_pc,162.245.216.41,zenguy,leguin.freenode.net
edwardly,unaffiliated/edwardly,Edward,wolfe.freenode.net
jorj,162.220.240.216,Georges,karatkievich.freenode.net
kriskropd,unaffiliated/kriskropd,kris,card.freenode.net
VectorX,unaffiliated/vectorx,...,leguin.freenode.net
nebg,ehito.ovh,#eHito ZNC,wolfe.freenode.net
spexi,unaffiliated/spexi,Pekka Piispanen,verne.freenode.net
reev,123.63.166.181,realname,niven.freenode.net
n-st,unaffiliated/n-st,n.st,karatkievich.freenode.net
dabura667,45.32.233.97,dabura,karatkievich.freenode.net
skweek,68-200-146-225.res.bhn.net,realname,weber.freenode.net
Guest21509,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-pharnipehyrsjbni,Riccardo Bello,sinisalo.freenode.net
Steinsplitter,wikimedia/Steinsplitter,Steinsplitter,adams.freenode.net
joepie91_,199.241.31.225,Sven Slootweg,adams.freenode.net
jameswf,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vvgduthnnhlacwbo,James,niven.freenode.net
raj,unaffiliated/cypha,raj,weber.freenode.net
daynaskully,unaffiliated/daynaskully,dayna,verne.freenode.net
realnot,unaffiliated/realnot,Mauro Crociara,leguin.freenode.net
go|dfish,nat/dcunetworkingsociety/x-vpcsputacmjmfggi,goldfish,leguin.freenode.net
joepie91,unaffiliated/joepie91,Sven Slootweg,sinisalo.freenode.net
paradizelost,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-skxqfojgpykgidsu,Dan,wilhelm.freenode.net
Mia,unaffiliated/mia,0,card.freenode.net
Kinny,unaffiliated/kinny,Kinny,rajaniemi.freenode.net
LittleFox94,nandus.lf-net.org,Moritz Grosch (LittleFox),sinisalo.freenode.net
Hello71,wikipedia/Hello71,Hello71,weber.freenode.net
toXel,indus.uberspace.de,toXel,hitchcock.freenode.net
skered,unaffiliated/skered,Derek Schrock - dereks@lifeofadishwasher.com,karatkievich.freenode.net
Druid05,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wpqvzwyjqmnuixda,Druid,leguin.freenode.net
waldner,openvpn/user/waldner,waldner,niven.freenode.net
oionby,unaffiliated/oionby,realname,tepper.freenode.net
mitzip,funtoo/staff/mitzip,mitzip,asimov.freenode.net
Phenicks,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ngfgtuidhudwviow,Filipe Uva,adams.freenode.net
vista,notx.ml,vista,adams.freenode.net
dandon,185.16.53.5,instl Tor fkrs http://i40.tinypic.com/10saeq9.jpg,tepper.freenode.net
KHobbits,2600:3c03::21:1210,shroudBNC User,sinisalo.freenode.net
Snuupy,unaffiliated/snuupy,Snuupy,wolfe.freenode.net
rbr,5419601d.cm-5-2b.dynamic.ziggo.nl,...,roddenberry.freenode.net
michael_mbp,ec2-52-76-80-88.ap-southeast-1.compute.amazonaws.com,John Dorian,asimov.freenode.net
mannibis,162.211.65.25,Got THC?,asimov.freenode.net
souther,2605:6400:1:fed5:22:1ac:61c0:e24e,souther,wilhelm.freenode.net
joshtau,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nodmupbnkcqcveof,joshtau,wilhelm.freenode.net
tdguy,control.projectzenonline.com,tdguy,weber.freenode.net
monokrome,54.88.139.115,Bailey Stoner,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pocketprotector,unaffiliated/pocketprotector,* I'm not to lame to read BitchX.doc *,niven.freenode.net
pijiu2,unaffiliated/pijiu,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
Kjartan,vps-104.205.170.217.stwvps.net,kjartan,adams.freenode.net
Cerise,unaffiliated/cerise,Jerry,wolfe.freenode.net
cmug,ddtyyyyylv17g4kx0hz8y-3.rev.dnainternet.fi,AH,wolfe.freenode.net
gde33,546A1876.cm-12-3a.dynamic.ziggo.nl,0,wolfe.freenode.net
elijah,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gohrykoczswvdhrj,Elijah Lynn,wolfe.freenode.net
iTouch,104.255.229.18,Sitting here, waiting,weber.freenode.net
marlinc,1.0.0.127.13.204.167.185.in-addr.arpa,Marlinc,adams.freenode.net
Pixelz,pix.pp.se,Norma Jeane Baker,rajaniemi.freenode.net
BadAtom,supporter/active/BadAtom,Sarcastically Linguistic,karatkievich.freenode.net
ToAruShiroiNeko,wikimedia/ToAruShiroiNeko,Electronic Video Agent,rajaniemi.freenode.net
WillMoogle,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wvcutyzdkvhgjdou,Will,wolfe.freenode.net
esildor,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uktiihokhqcmfmtt,Esildor,card.freenode.net
Nightmare,unaffiliated/thetfef,Kim,sinisalo.freenode.net
ninegrid,cpe-24-28-17-80.austin.res.rr.com,Daniel Jackson,verne.freenode.net
karthyk,2620:1e8:2:1::2fa,karthyk,wolfe.freenode.net
rewt,unaffiliated/rewt,-,weber.freenode.net
salparadise,ec2-54-186-184-10.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,sdanelli,sinisalo.freenode.net
auscompgeek,firefox/community/auscompgeek,an Aussie computer geek,rajaniemi.freenode.net
byrdnuge,rfc1178.johnbergoon.com,byrdnuge,asimov.freenode.net
sparr,pdpc/supporter/active/sparr,sparr,niven.freenode.net
twodayslate,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vssmlewfgamdewjp,Zac,wolfe.freenode.net
Zarthus,trivialand/guesser/zarthus,3.14% of sailors are Pirates.,asimov.freenode.net
zack6849,unaffiliated/zack6849,zack6849,adams.freenode.net
bionicrm,mazeika.me,bionicrm,niven.freenode.net
D9,104.236.71.143,Paul",karatkievich.freenode.net
DarkMukke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bbzmrmvwjcpvzghg,Mukke,rajaniemi.freenode.net
supergonkas,2001:470:1f07:55d::25,whois,karatkievich.freenode.net
jgornick,li373-224.members.linode.com,Joe Gornick,weber.freenode.net
arrrghhh,unaffiliated/arrrghhh,arrrghhh,asimov.freenode.net
idmistir,unaffiliated/idmistir,Id mi stir,card.freenode.net
juchipilo,unaffiliated/juchipilo,Utiquio Lerma,hitchcock.freenode.net
dlb76,unaffiliated/dlb76,dlb76,rajaniemi.freenode.net
DavidAntaramian,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oorrxdkxycbkskuw,David Antaramian,sinisalo.freenode.net
heurist`_,unaffiliated/heurist,heurist,orwell.freenode.net
r3m,irssi/user/r3m,r3m,karatkievich.freenode.net
fl3sh,unaffiliated/fl4sh,fl3sh,verne.freenode.net
chrisml,unaffiliated/chrisml,chris,card.freenode.net
karakedi,unaffiliated/orphan,ePlus1.2e(SMIRCv00.68),card.freenode.net
B113,brisefer.tesseract.fr,becentrouze,verne.freenode.net
JelmerD,vps.avolans.nl,Jelmer D.,leguin.freenode.net
avelldiroll,unaffiliated/avelldiroll,plantigrade,verne.freenode.net
JohnDoe2,regex.cf,John Doe Two,leguin.freenode.net
dan-,freenode/corporate-sponsor/privateinternetaccess.com/doaks,Nyan nyan,sinisalo.freenode.net
jaysonsosweet,unaffiliated/jaysonsosweet,Real JS,barjavel.freenode.net
JStoker,unaffiliated/jstoker,JStoker,niven.freenode.net
ML74,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jhjpxjtkdcdlqtid,Matthew Large,wilhelm.freenode.net
Ouims,AStLambert-153-1-55-226.w83-204.abo.wanadoo.fr,test2,niven.freenode.net
tanxen,ool-18bc883f.dyn.optonline.net,tan,hitchcock.freenode.net
telex,freeshell.de,telex,tepper.freenode.net
kylethebaker,unaffiliated/kylethebaker,KYLEtheBAKER,verne.freenode.net
kremfloete,84-52-239.231.3p.ntebredband.no,kremfloete,barjavel.freenode.net
Freeaqingme,nl3.s.kynet.eu,Dolf Schimmel,verne.freenode.net
preaction,irc.preaction.me,doug,wilhelm.freenode.net
Taylor,unaffiliated/taylor,Taylor,barjavel.freenode.net
evilman_work,87.244.6.228,4,8n a,adams.freenode.net
g2,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-fmbddiepytagfvte,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
Oatmeal,2602:306:3676:c60:58f0:6b14:58b8:7862,8bit SuzieQueue,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Timvde,gondor.wina.be,Tim,barjavel.freenode.net
bjoe2k4,2a03:4000:9:55::1,bjoe2k4,niven.freenode.net
D4rk,unaffiliated/d4rk,D4rk,orwell.freenode.net
fuchstronaut,unaffiliated/fuchstronaut,Fuchstronaut,card.freenode.net
Cyclohexane,unaffiliated/cyclohexane,Cyclohexane,tepper.freenode.net
causasui,wikipedia/causa-sui,causa sui,wolfe.freenode.net
thib,wikimedia/Thibaut120094,Thibaut,weber.freenode.net
Hink,hink.me,Hink,sinisalo.freenode.net
Kronuz,unaffiliated/kronuz,German M. Bravo,wolfe.freenode.net
watersoul,172.245.255.61,Irc User,verne.freenode.net
johnnyfive,unaffiliated/isalive,The better version.,wolfe.freenode.net
VoidFox,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-mhlsyjjnprehgrgt,VoidFox,niven.freenode.net
arsenbonbon,codedump.ch,arsenbonbon,karatkievich.freenode.net
g_zen----,195.24.90.244,purple,weber.freenode.net
VarunAgw_,unaffiliated/varunagw,Varun Agrawal,barjavel.freenode.net
tcsc,gateway/web/mozilla/x-lvyultokbpeqsedg,tcsc,hitchcock.freenode.net
lyxia,poisson.chat,lyxia,asimov.freenode.net
MissionCritical,unaffiliated/missioncritical,Mission Critical,weber.freenode.net
tjpeden,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fyppvllljjowbtov,TJ Peden,karatkievich.freenode.net
Xenthys,bfnt/staff/botters.xenthys,Dylan Ysmal,card.freenode.net
KindOne,freenude/topless/kindone,...,leguin.freenode.net
varazir,c-94-255-129-20.cust.bredband2.com,mircwars,verne.freenode.net
Zachary_DuBois,yukimorikawa.zacharydubois.net,Zachary DuBois,barjavel.freenode.net
dustinm`,149.56.14.68,dustinm,wolfe.freenode.net
devhost_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lnyhknrhenuzplhx,devhost,karatkievich.freenode.net
Holz,spa.st,Holz,niven.freenode.net
GingerGeek,unaffiliated/gingergeek,Zed,verne.freenode.net
Rasekov,159.133.117.91.dynamic.reverse-mundo-r.com,realname,weber.freenode.net
NOPonPOP,shell.blacksecurity.org,Illusions. Tricks are what whores do for money.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
foRei,0x4dd7b24d.adsl.cybercity.dk,Vita,verne.freenode.net
Wrz,ec2-52-91-224-90.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Wrz,wilhelm.freenode.net
NeoID,62.141.130.47,NeoID,adams.freenode.net
Numline1,unaffiliated/numline1,Anakonda,wilhelm.freenode.net
gardar,bnc.giraffi.net,gardar,card.freenode.net
kikuchi````,cust-155-165-111-94.dyn.as47377.net,...,card.freenode.net
rsFF,2001:4802:7800:1:be76:4eff:fe21:3f41,Ricardo Ferreira,adams.freenode.net
blddk,unaffiliated/blddk,captain-slow.dk,card.freenode.net
tsakos,elite.bshellz.net,tsakos,barjavel.freenode.net
featdd,lacerta.uberspace.de,Daniel Dorndorf,barjavel.freenode.net
ReenignE,unaffiliated/physicystic,Hououin Kyouma,adams.freenode.net
SupaHam,supaham.com,SupaHam,niven.freenode.net
ussher_,240b:10:9200:2900:4a5b:39ff:feac:14f4,ussher,wilhelm.freenode.net
tswartz,c-73-6-101-165.hsd1.tx.comcast.net,tswartz,adams.freenode.net
etotheipi,thanatos.romptech.net,-1,adams.freenode.net
GameGamer43,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cbgluduvovedvksx,Bryan Walters,wolfe.freenode.net
bathtub_shark,trivialand/guesser/zarthus,Zarthus,wilhelm.freenode.net
sigtrm,quassel.woboq.de,sigtrm,wolfe.freenode.net
NiLon,unaffiliated/nilon,Niko,karatkievich.freenode.net
lopid,ulf640-07.stwserver.net,lopid,barjavel.freenode.net
maslo,199.175.52.218,maslo,verne.freenode.net
realnot__,host204-54-dynamic.17-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,Mauro Crociara,barjavel.freenode.net
Arieh,isdb.nl,shroudBNC User,card.freenode.net
g_zen,195.24.90.244,realname,adams.freenode.net
Whiskey,31.44.232.185,Whiskey,karatkievich.freenode.net
MrNato_home,115.69.21.99,...,tepper.freenode.net
YS,176.194.229.191,Yaroslav_,barjavel.freenode.net
VarunAgw,unaffiliated/varunagw,Varun Agrawal,orwell.freenode.net
isdf,unaffiliated/isdf,df,karatkievich.freenode.net
Dev0n,unaffiliated/dev0n,Dev0n,barjavel.freenode.net
ujjain,unaffiliated/ujjain,ujjain,verne.freenode.net
Narwhaal,188.166.150.103,gear4,barjavel.freenode.net
codebam,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-pdxlxxutkmikrxgm,codebam,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tadas,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-shanjfhmtwyevhil,Tadas,wolfe.freenode.net
linex,58.26.242.250,linex,weber.freenode.net
Andrio,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-oiiykmzzogolisum,5'Andrio Celos',wolfe.freenode.net
charles81,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mpzdaalyxqaomfhw,Charles Wilkinson,wolfe.freenode.net
TikityTik,162.223.44.49,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
vemacs,unaffiliated/vemacs,vemacs,wolfe.freenode.net
CrypticSquared,unaffiliated/crypticsquared,CrypticS_,asimov.freenode.net
wizonesolutions,drupal.org/user/739994/view,WizOne Solutions,sinisalo.freenode.net
giraffe,gateway/shell/firrre/x-priqdhkweggqsqus,skarn,asimov.freenode.net
d34dh0r53,irc.cloudnull.io,Hunter S. Thompson,asimov.freenode.net
elpoptardo,109.201.138.229,elpoptardo,hitchcock.freenode.net
RaiNerTsuFal,akita.vtlx.cn,Mario,adams.freenode.net
Deusdeorum|away,h-72-198.a230.priv.bahnhof.se,Deusdeorum,verne.freenode.net
BandC,2605:a601:ae9:2c00:1933:3214:8633:5544,BC,karatkievich.freenode.net
lebster,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mjrutsirxxqhyhai,lebster,wilhelm.freenode.net
fragMental,2a02:908:e852:d320:798c:7d13:7d72:3860,fragMental,wilhelm.freenode.net
xelra,unaffiliated/xelra,Xel'Ra,adams.freenode.net
Jordy,unaffiliated/jordy,Jordy,wilhelm.freenode.net
felixjet,96.red-79-152-236.dynamicip.rima-tde.net,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
BlaXpirit,blaxpirit.com,Oleh Prypin,wilhelm.freenode.net
iszak,unaffiliated/supavisah,Iszak Bryan,karatkievich.freenode.net
dan2k3k4,unaffiliated/dan2k3k4,Dan Lemon,card.freenode.net
Typo,unaffiliated/typo,MrTypo,tepper.freenode.net
trae32566[w],2607:5300:61:10ad::3,Trae S.,wolfe.freenode.net
worstadmin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ttcciajcwxmweycu,worstadmin_,wilhelm.freenode.net
R0CKST3R,mrhost.mrhosting.info,Andy C,asimov.freenode.net
Alina-malina,unaffiliated/alina-malina,Alinka,verne.freenode.net
TheAvatar,crew.eushells.com,Sï¿½ren "TheAvatar" Jensen,sinisalo.freenode.net
k^,91.219.237.227,k,adams.freenode.net
quinward,user156.c4.hrastnik.kabelnet.net,Defiant,sinisalo.freenode.net
fusl,unaffiliated/fusl,fusl,adams.freenode.net
Bkid,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sjwvdqckmetemxur,Bkid,wolfe.freenode.net
jumpman,unaffiliated/jumpman,pablo,wilhelm.freenode.net
Nach0z,unaffiliated/nach0z,Nach0z,tepper.freenode.net
Saiban,unaffiliated/songun,Got ZNC?,barjavel.freenode.net
musca,tyrael.eu,musca,karatkievich.freenode.net
abruanese,45.63.76.107,not bob,weber.freenode.net
jdiez,unaffiliated/jdiez,Jose Diez,card.freenode.net
Guest75980,2a01:6e60:10:15cb::1,mateusz,leguin.freenode.net
Ring0`,unaffiliated/ring0/x-8667941,mike,leguin.freenode.net
simcop2387,p3m/member/simcop2387,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
BakaKuna,145.129.205.133,Got ZNC?,tepper.freenode.net
guampa,unaffiliated/guampa,g,verne.freenode.net
NickG365,cortex.starlabs.theflash.rocks,NickG365,adams.freenode.net
OCPoser,i-am-really-good-at-optimizing-regex.cf,OC Poser,niven.freenode.net
ferdna,cpe-69-23-141-130.elp.res.rr.com,ferdna,tepper.freenode.net
ynyounuo,unaffiliated/ynyounuo,â,niven.freenode.net
amospalla,unaffiliated/amospalla,amospalla,adams.freenode.net
aavrug,117.240.170.130,Gaurav,leguin.freenode.net
dequeues,mybb/team/dequeues,dequeues,weber.freenode.net
anth0ny,unaffiliated/anth0ny,Anthony,hitchcock.freenode.net
ec\,ell.io,ELLIOTTCABLE,tepper.freenode.net
ghoti,hq.experiencepoint.com,Paul Chvostek, http://www.it.ca/~paul/,weber.freenode.net
devster31,2001:41d0:1:a3af::1,devsterknight,wolfe.freenode.net
ggherdov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vbwaayesufqmtyef,Giovanni Gherdovich,rajaniemi.freenode.net
johndev,2a01:4f8:c17:114::2,John Dev,wilhelm.freenode.net
cebor,unaffiliated/cebor,cebor,wilhelm.freenode.net
Drullkus,c-67-180-188-243.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Drullkus,niven.freenode.net
Doqnach,edge-of-the-world.miraizou.net,Miraizou.net: Vision of the Future,sinisalo.freenode.net
Lindrian,unaffiliated/lindrian,Lindrian,adams.freenode.net
Arroyo1010,unaffiliated/arroyo1010,Arroyo1010,kornbluth.freenode.net
IonutVan_,opensuse/member/IonutVan,Ionut Vancea,barjavel.freenode.net
vktec,unaffiliated/samadivk,Samadi,rajaniemi.freenode.net
douglascorrea,191.177.186.207,douglascorrea,asimov.freenode.net
escu,taimen.sr2.fi,esc,karatkievich.freenode.net
simbalion`,tailpuff.net,simba,barjavel.freenode.net
olspookishmagus,snf-137798.vm.okeanos.grnet.gr,Innuendo chameleon,asimov.freenode.net
jeffreylevesque,pool-100-15-106-25.washdc.fios.verizon.net,New Now Know How,barjavel.freenode.net
The-spiki,unaffiliated/the-spiki,Nenad Spirkoski,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
DANtheBEASTman,bananabo.xyz,DanielFGray,wolfe.freenode.net
dropaty,g71034.upc-g.chello.nl,dropaty,adams.freenode.net
neuro_sys,unaffiliated/neurosys/x-283974,neuro_sys,wolfe.freenode.net
Atlas,unaffiliated/atlas-,Atlas,niven.freenode.net
khronosschoty,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-vfhvaeufrhzmdqfc,khronosschoty,wilhelm.freenode.net
asshurt_,fbi.lol,yeeyee,asimov.freenode.net
timwis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uszajgcfmdxoaijd,Tim,adams.freenode.net
abra0,unaffiliated/abra0,abra_abra,kornbluth.freenode.net
Me-me,210.10.153.97,Me-me,niven.freenode.net
mt,atheme/mteufel,M. Teufel <mteufel@urandom.eu.org>,niven.freenode.net
funabashi,103.219.22.121,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
Muzer,cpc96772-rdng27-2-0-cust294.15-3.cable.virginm.net,Murray Colpman,kornbluth.freenode.net
isutoshi,h-142-0.a336.priv.bahnhof.se,.,leguin.freenode.net
genio,p3m/member/CapoeiraB,Chase Whitener,asimov.freenode.net
gniourf,pdm-l03.insa-lyon.fr,gniourf,niven.freenode.net
Deele,89.201.47.107,...,tepper.freenode.net
jesopo,lolnerd.net,jesopo,adams.freenode.net
doppo,2604:180::e0fc:a07f,doppo,karatkievich.freenode.net
cereal,lanaddict.net,cereal,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MLM_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-orcuiozueuvqrtog,Eric Mods,wilhelm.freenode.net
tapout,unaffiliated/tapout,Qt FTW,wilhelm.freenode.net
JerseyMilker,104.131.8.32,JerseyMilker,verne.freenode.net
eater,tamako.eoc.io,eater.,niven.freenode.net
edx,aha/edx,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
safe,unaffiliated/safe,`,karatkievich.freenode.net
xKlocks,schweiz102.startdedicated.de,xKlocks,orwell.freenode.net
krizoek,vmi24145.contabo.host,bibleway.us,weber.freenode.net
nchambers,freenode/spooky-exception/bartender/learnprogramming.nchambers,Nicholas Chambers,karatkievich.freenode.net
gigetoo,c83-250-44-242.bredband.comhem.se,gigetoo,leguin.freenode.net
styler2go,v22015051823525655.yourvserver.net,Styler 2 Go,kornbluth.freenode.net
tazjin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-brdzmfshqnvaobqm,tazjin,sinisalo.freenode.net
Kodax,host213-120-117-212.in-addr.btopenworld.com,Ice_Strike,orwell.freenode.net
kingsley,174-21-72-212.tukw.qwest.net,Kingsley G. Morse Jr.,barjavel.freenode.net
rosseaux,2a00:1828:2000:859::2,Benjamin Rosseaux,karatkievich.freenode.net
john51,15255.s.t4vps.eu,John,sinisalo.freenode.net
Emil,emil.fi,emil,asimov.freenode.net
jimmyff,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kitztknaillapzdq,jimmyff,adams.freenode.net
danemacmillan,unaffiliated/danemacmillan,danemacmillan,wilhelm.freenode.net
brokensyntax,45.62.240.131,brokensyntax,weber.freenode.net
Svadilfari,host95-6-dynamic.50-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,None,hitchcock.freenode.net
Zaneo,45.55.2.85,Zaneo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
michagogo,wikia/Michagogo,Micha,wilhelm.freenode.net
Wanderer-,ip68-110-190-191.cl.ri.cox.net,Wande,verne.freenode.net
jelly,pdpc/supporter/active/jelly,Real Name,wolfe.freenode.net
sqz,243-231-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,sqz,wilhelm.freenode.net
pitastrudl,unaffiliated/pitastrudl,pitastrudl,wilhelm.freenode.net
MuffinMedic,unaffiliated/muffinmedic,Evan,karatkievich.freenode.net
Mogget,vogon.moshwire.com,Hans Ãge Martinsen,niven.freenode.net
Nic335,216-167-248-178.eastlink.ca,Nic335,verne.freenode.net
cmosguy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uzebtlzbcjcpaiph,Adam Klein,weber.freenode.net
kanyeezy,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-xdyfoqbwsowunyyj,LayerBNC - At Your Fingertips!,wolfe.freenode.net
Cybertinus,cybertinus.customer.cloud.nl,Cybertinus,niven.freenode.net
riotz,unaffiliated/riotz,.,kornbluth.freenode.net
Zhewriix,h163n22-kba-a12.ias.bredband.telia.com,nin,asimov.freenode.net
benaiah,104.131.128.41,Benaiah Mischenko,asimov.freenode.net
airstrik3,ec2-52-24-136-162.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
bpye,unaffiliated/bpye,Ben,adams.freenode.net
perlbot,simcop2387.info,perlbot,wolfe.freenode.net
moei,softbank221078042071.bbtec.net,moei,karatkievich.freenode.net
blooooooo,104.236.61.15,blooo,adams.freenode.net
devhoag,coder.firrre.com,Will Hoag,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ExeciN,bnc.stormbit.net,nicexe,weber.freenode.net
crusty,unaffiliated/amt,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
ionelmc,python/site-packages/ionelmc,Ionel Cristian MÄrieÈ,wilhelm.freenode.net
TobiasFar,2a01:4f8:160:5109::1:4,T Markmann,niven.freenode.net
jonasschnelli,unaffiliated/jonasschnelli,Jonas Schnelli,niven.freenode.net
owlscientist,sburn/devel/name,Got ZNC?,verne.freenode.net
bluszcz,mail.devcarpet.net,Bluszcz,orwell.freenode.net
justinabrahms,107.170.208.252,Justin Abrahms,verne.freenode.net
dmiles,c-24-20-102-245.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,...,adams.freenode.net
sztelke,unaffiliated/sztelke,Null,niven.freenode.net
derrida,unaffiliated/deleuze,Doc Boogaloo,verne.freenode.net
tulphoon,249.ip-92-222-80.eu,Dawid Osuchowski,niven.freenode.net
ood,azathoth.bytesexual.net,ood,tepper.freenode.net
tallica,unaffiliated/tallica,MichaÅ Lipski,kornbluth.freenode.net
Shimmy,unaffiliated/shimmy,Shimmy,kornbluth.freenode.net
tkd,ogbunabali.wa.ht,tomek,asimov.freenode.net
minion,common-lisp.net,minion,adams.freenode.net
kubicz10,unaffiliated/kubicz10,kubicz10,verne.freenode.net
shka_,109.231.14.178,Marek Kochanowicz,weber.freenode.net
marsjaninzmarsa,elen.niewiarowski.it,Kuba Niewiarowski,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
f8l,dhcp95-108-67-92.eaw.com.pl,f8l,sinisalo.freenode.net
p_l,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hlyouhaierynvisg,PaweÅ Lasek,karatkievich.freenode.net
ryoshu,netbsd/developer/kamil,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
pankracy,unaffiliated/pankracy-/x-8988817,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
sirmacik,unaffiliated/sirmacik,sirmacik,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hhes,2001:41d0:a:642f::1,xaxes,adams.freenode.net
specbot,common-lisp.net,specbot,wolfe.freenode.net
antoszka,unaffiliated/antoszka,antoni,wilhelm.freenode.net
TeMPOraL,temporal.superuser.org.pl,Jacek Zlydach,asimov.freenode.net
assembler,dedi.dsinf.net,Daniel SkowroÅski,verne.freenode.net
jackdaniel,hellsgate.pl,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
mrSpec,unaffiliated/mrspec,spec,karatkievich.freenode.net
krasnal,89-76-238-244.dynamic.chello.pl,Krasnal,hitchcock.freenode.net
zagura,student.agh.edu.pl,zagura,verne.freenode.net
maxmati,kalinka.maxmati.pl,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
Pawel,diamond.waw.pl,PaweÅ UÅciÅski,adams.freenode.net
phoe,149.156.65.219,MichaÅ Herda,barjavel.freenode.net
axoi,skrzyp.me,axoi,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bjorn,pdpc/supporter/active/bjorn,Thorbjï¿½rn Lindeijer,wolfe.freenode.net
pydsigner,unaffiliated/pydsigner,Daniel Foerster,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Menche,gateway/tor-sasl/menche,Menche the Turtle,zelazny.freenode.net
NitaRama-,unaffiliated/nitarama,Nita,adams.freenode.net
{41444d494e},46.56.68.188,1,0KVIrc 4.2.0 Equilibrium http://kvirc.net/,tepper.freenode.net
monwarez_,2a01:e34:ec09:4ca0:d9c6:a302:891c:72e8,User Monwarez,wolfe.freenode.net
mmaruseacph2,158.121.19.229,Mihai Maruseac,adams.freenode.net
klam_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ixomkeeprmgnoeyo,Kai,niven.freenode.net
JDShu,162.246.58.84,shu,barjavel.freenode.net
tommyfun,104.236.31.244,tommyfun,hitchcock.freenode.net
axoren,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vrkmlusvbzhyhpzv,Axoren,sinisalo.freenode.net
simmel,auxww.ps,Simon Lundstrï¿½m,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Frost,37.139.30.10,Martin Frost,karatkievich.freenode.net
Ratler,lunar-linux/developer/ratler,Rï¿½ka hasch pï¿½ Venus,wolfe.freenode.net
starsoccer,unaffiliated/starsoccer,starsoccer,asimov.freenode.net
nanotube,unaffiliated/nanotube,nanotube,asimov.freenode.net
shesek,bzq-84-110-57-133.cablep.bezeqint.net,shesek,rajaniemi.freenode.net
titilambert,titilambert.org,Thibault Cohen,hitchcock.freenode.net
coldbrewedbrew_,107.161.162.105,coldbrewedbrew,card.freenode.net
jbrooks,c-73-222-146-183.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Jason Brooks,niven.freenode.net
bcourt,nat/redhat/x-zplaievtwhmuixxu,Barnaby Court,card.freenode.net
devil_,2a01:238:43b2:2300:4074:d967:4ee0:f1ca,,,,,adams.freenode.net
cbolanos,240.red-83-44-170.dynamicip.rima-tde.net,pi,adams.freenode.net
_ari_,nat/redhat/x-lupkoxuxdyrivxaj,ari,niven.freenode.net
davidstrauss,wikimedia/davidstrauss,David Strauss,karatkievich.freenode.net
Pharaoh_Atem,47.19.105.250,Conan Kudo,verne.freenode.net
imcsk8,189.231.19.136,Ivan Chavero,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
larsu,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gnkgrboggsoptnts,Lars,adams.freenode.net
drewanderson,ESS-p-144-138-70-161.mega.tmns.net.au,Drew Anderson,asimov.freenode.net
thomasmckay,2604:6000:b784:de00:674:b5bf:710d:9695,Thomas McKay,karatkievich.freenode.net
bee2502,irc.jwf.io,Bee,adams.freenode.net
petems,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hnexogfaocvxjpud,Peter Souter,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gomix,fedora/gomix,gomix,asimov.freenode.net
likewhoa,s2.maserver.com,Fernando Reyes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
adema,ks397649.ip-192-95-26.net,adema,adams.freenode.net
thunderbirdtr,fedora/thunderbirdtr,thunderbirdtr,karatkievich.freenode.net
fedruantine,45.63.76.107,What's up jive turkeys?,orwell.freenode.net
jefferai,kde/mitchell,Jeff Mitchell,barjavel.freenode.net
ersatzpony,karhu.bahnhof.cz,Honza Bartos,hitchcock.freenode.net
bhakti,139.59.28.134,Bhakti Bhikne,card.freenode.net
grift,unaffiliated/grift,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
deltab,ds6266.dedicated.turbodns.co.uk,deltab,niven.freenode.net
danofsatx,fedora/danofsatx,Dan of San Antonio, Texas,weber.freenode.net
deryni-work1,pool-71-179-12-141.bltmmd.fios.verizon.net,Adium User,verne.freenode.net
themurph,nat/redhat/x-kcohvlweiglfesqg,Chris Murphy,asimov.freenode.net
elvin,88.243.38.72,elvin,wilhelm.freenode.net
lucascastro,189.90.39.170,realname,adams.freenode.net
Flygisoft,bnc.from.dotbnc.com,Bouncer from www.hostbay.nu,karatkievich.freenode.net
sunilmohan,swecha/sunilmohan,Sunil Mohan Adapa,barjavel.freenode.net
DonRichie,ricl.de,DonRichie,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChauffeR,unaffiliated/chauffer,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
samikshan,gateway/shell/kde/x-xogxrupdvsvwdllv,Samikshan Bairagya,adams.freenode.net
coldbrewedbrew,unaffiliated/theotherguy,coldbrewedbrew,verne.freenode.net
_jungh4ns,static.184.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,junghans,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rtnpro,122.172.141.102,Ratnadeep Debnath,verne.freenode.net
petervo,47.150.81.109,Peter,card.freenode.net
enj,nat/redhat/x-otsoyeasvwsujrpk,Mo Khan,orwell.freenode.net
zodbot,fedora/bot/zodbot,Limnoria installed on 2016-06-11T19-31-21,orwell.freenode.net
phon,quassel/developer/phon,phon - Quassel IRC User,orwell.freenode.net
chenxiaolong,carrot.cybolabs.co.uk,chenxiaolong,rajaniemi.freenode.net
netzvieh,netzvieh.de,netzvieh,barjavel.freenode.net
jswagner,104.131.138.174,Jason S. Wagner,asimov.freenode.net
sgallagh,nat/redhat/x-hpfbneawkzabidvh,Stephen Gallagher,adams.freenode.net
walters,50-245-18-210-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,Colin Walters,barjavel.freenode.net
yo61,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ruqcscsymbjjlrum,Robin Bowes,adams.freenode.net
julim,2601:19c:4803:a899:74c0:3113:ec6b:aa69,Ju Lim,karatkievich.freenode.net
fhackdroid,fedora/fhackdroid,fhackdroid,karatkievich.freenode.net
philwyett_hemi,88-106-104-33.dynamic.dsl.as9105.com,Phil Wyett,card.freenode.net
D-Boy,unaffiliated/cain,Debian Boy,orwell.freenode.net
langdon,nat/redhat/x-lsscjjmaspjrdccr,langdon,verne.freenode.net
jjardon,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ijgbqofxqqqfodjc,Javier JardÃ³n,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rangerpbzzzz,24-179-246-242.dhcp.roch.mn.charter.com,Brent Baude,asimov.freenode.net
mzee1000,nat/redhat/x-ceyhuhfqbizvhqgw,Mohammed Zeeshan Ahmed,adams.freenode.net
whenry,c-75-70-111-202.hsd1.co.comcast.net,William Henry,verne.freenode.net
hasker,2001:67c:578:3::40,hasker,wolfe.freenode.net
satellit,2601:602:200:94f1::608a,satellit,karatkievich.freenode.net
stefw,2001:470:1:d3::55,Stef Walter,wolfe.freenode.net
jjmojojjmojo,cpe-24-211-228-182.nc.res.rr.com,jj mojo jj mojo jj mojo jj mojo,card.freenode.net
Nala_Alan,unaffiliated/nala-alan/x-7004989,Nala_Alan,wolfe.freenode.net
cf,sys.daztar.com,cf,weber.freenode.net
Trou,unaffiliated/trou,Alain Proviste,barjavel.freenode.net
bastelmann,62-210-85-191.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Bastelmann,orwell.freenode.net
s_kunk,unaffiliated/s-kunk/x-5139101,s_kunk,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sug4r,unaffiliated/sug4r,Sug4r,karatkievich.freenode.net
marTi,v6.zyy.pl,Marcin Rybak,adams.freenode.net
gregwork,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gmmbkpcuhbfefouc,Greg Procunier,sinisalo.freenode.net
bluemeanie,67.41.198.242,The Blue Meanie,leguin.freenode.net
giesen,2001:19f0:0:1019:5400:ff:fe25:bda6,ggiesen,karatkievich.freenode.net
varesa,ec2-52-49-18-111.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Esa Varemo,wolfe.freenode.net
kanarip,121.181.195.178.dynamic.wline.res.cust.swisscom.ch,Jeroen van Meeuwen,hitchcock.freenode.net
primusinterpares,gw.virtualdreamworks.com,purple,orwell.freenode.net
tibbs,fedora/tibbs,Jason Tibbitts,verne.freenode.net
tomodachi,s-000802a0bdd3.04-30-73746f34.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,tomodachi,karatkievich.freenode.net
tjaalton,kapsi.fi,Timo Aaltonen,niven.freenode.net
dobson,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dobson,weber.freenode.net
andy-b,66.129.88.50,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
mkubik,nat/redhat/x-bntsfcaizufrnweo,Milan Kubik,adams.freenode.net
Pharaoh_Atem,47.19.105.250,Conan Kudo,verne.freenode.net
ikonia,unaffiliated/ikonia,Matt Darcy,wilhelm.freenode.net
edewata,cpe-72-182-96-131.austin.res.rr.com,New Now Know How,card.freenode.net
ujjain,unaffiliated/ujjain,ujjain,verne.freenode.net
tty00,gate.netnerdz.se,tty00,wolfe.freenode.net
ab,pdpc/supporter/professional/ab,Alexander Bokovoy,barjavel.freenode.net
alee,cpe-2606-A000-4404-2A00-3E97-EFF-FEDD-B884.dyn6.twc.com,Ade Lee,wilhelm.freenode.net
stephen87,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-koadypmavdlysize,stephen87,sinisalo.freenode.net
darix,irssi/staff/darix,A freak like me just needs infinity.,kornbluth.freenode.net
IcePic,freenode/sponsor/icepic,Janne Johansson,barjavel.freenode.net
dsirrine,nat/redhat/x-rarpohslrshwkxnb,dsirrine,tepper.freenode.net
K0HAX,testvm1.labservers.net,Michael Englehorn,rajaniemi.freenode.net
suteri,a88-113-136-15.elisa-laajakaista.fi,Santeri Ukonaho,karatkievich.freenode.net
jdito,208.118.234.134,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
Chousuke_,battery.modeemi.fi,Jarkko Oranen,wolfe.freenode.net
csmart,45.55.219.131,Chris Smart,weber.freenode.net
NightMonkey,pdpc/supporter/professional/nightmonkey,Jesse Adelman,asimov.freenode.net
ayoung,2601:19c:4682:38f0:56ee:75ff:fe5d:ba34,Adam Young,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jb,shell.vaerchi.com,hai2u!,adams.freenode.net
rcrit,redhat/rcrit,Rob Crittenden,orwell.freenode.net
uZer42,unaffiliated/uzer42,admin,card.freenode.net
jdennis1,50.111.80.188,purple,wilhelm.freenode.net
stbenjam,nat/redhat/x-ugkflytbgwuvsnok,Stephen Benjamin,orwell.freenode.net
puiterwijk|cld,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dozqleqheluaxcky,Patrick Uiterwijk,sinisalo.freenode.net
Airwave,20.195.9.46.customer.cdi.no,Airwave,weber.freenode.net
jamielennox,gateway/shell/firrre/x-ijveylpfcbchzigg,Jamie Lennox,wilhelm.freenode.net
jmontleon,redhat/jmontleon,jmontleo,weber.freenode.net
vashirov,nat/redhat/x-pjrpdyaerbqahojr,Viktor Ashirov,barjavel.freenode.net
fyxim,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-swrtgzatqokorjjq,fyxim_,wilhelm.freenode.net
woleium,bc.io,woleium,card.freenode.net
CustosLimen,unaffiliated/cust0slim3n,CustosLimen,tepper.freenode.net
eyespies,dynamic-acs-24-239-212-97.zoominternet.net,Justin Spies,rajaniemi.freenode.net
komputes,64.137.236.40,komputes,asimov.freenode.net
delhage,pdpc/supporter/active/fedora.delhage,Lars Delhage,rajaniemi.freenode.net
_val_,freebsd/user/val,The most dearing man in the world,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tilou,lyre.lonewulf.net,Tilou,wilhelm.freenode.net
danofsatx,fedora/danofsatx,Dan of San Antonio, Texas,weber.freenode.net
adamw,redhat/adamw,Adam Williamson,asimov.freenode.net
simo,samba/team/simo,Simo Sorce,leguin.freenode.net
joshua1909,vpe2040343.lnk.telstra.net,purple,leguin.freenode.net
rjsalts,green.spectralmud.org,Richard Salts,wilhelm.freenode.net
nkinder,47-32-165-239.dhcp.snlo.ca.charter.com,Nathan Kinder,verne.freenode.net
Psi-Jack,unaffiliated/psi-jack,Psi-Jack,weber.freenode.net
Daviey,ubuntu/member/daviey,Dave Walker,karatkievich.freenode.net
tiforp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hatieaazukftrsgp,Chris,wolfe.freenode.net
Tristitia,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,One with Darkness,sinisalo.freenode.net
marlinc,1.0.0.127.13.204.167.185.in-addr.arpa,Marlinc,adams.freenode.net
tru_tru,atsukau.bis.pasteur.fr,Tru,asimov.freenode.net
dazo,openvpn/corp/developer/dazo,David S.,karatkievich.freenode.net
Ehrenreich,77.68.227.66,Sune Beermann,hitchcock.freenode.net
MerlinTHP,oni.hdtwo.net,Howard Johnson,niven.freenode.net
semajnz,ec2-54-253-254-43.ap-southeast-2.compute.amazonaws.com,James,roddenberry.freenode.net
mariosp,nat/redhat/x-yolxqlfvsdumjkwq,Marios Panaousis,wolfe.freenode.net
miono,irc.lagga.se,miono,barjavel.freenode.net
sgallagh,nat/redhat/x-hpfbneawkzabidvh,Stephen Gallagher,adams.freenode.net
richm,c-71-228-104-5.hsd1.nm.comcast.net,Rich Megginson,orwell.freenode.net
agrajag,galene.dead4cheap.com,agrajag,orwell.freenode.net
Diftraku,91-159-205-120.elisa-laajakaista.fi,Diftraku,barjavel.freenode.net
rishi,redhat/debarshi,Debarshi Ray,adams.freenode.net
schlitzer,barriere.frankfurter-softwarefabrik.de,schlitzered,hitchcock.freenode.net
byrdnuge,rfc1178.johnbergoon.com,byrdnuge,asimov.freenode.net
menantea_away,nat/ibm/x-unvtxvqkfdetfvsm,Guy Menanteau,adams.freenode.net
jmaloney,159.203.94.159,Joe Maloney,weber.freenode.net
rashkina_,66.11.220.78,rashkinadze,sinisalo.freenode.net
Shred00,2001:470:1d:6f8:214:d1ff:fe13:45ac,purple,wilhelm.freenode.net
Gh0sty,fosdem/staff/gh0sty,Dark Shadow,karatkievich.freenode.net
zdzichu,pipebreaker.pl,Tomasz Torcz,wolfe.freenode.net
gkoch_,66.11.220.78,gkoch,karatkievich.freenode.net
telius,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gcjaivschukceltn,telius,adams.freenode.net
abstractj,redhat/jboss/abstractj,Bruno Oliveira,niven.freenode.net
Trefex,2a01:4a0:44:118::2,Trefex,niven.freenode.net
refrainblue,ip-64-32-190-246.dsl.sca.megapath.net,james,leguin.freenode.net
tscherf,v36404.1blu.de,Thorsten Scherf,wilhelm.freenode.net
jhrozek,nat/redhat/x-efudmqtwysiopnxu,Jakub Hrozek,wolfe.freenode.net
karlthane,13.84.155.158,Alex Thomas,wolfe.freenode.net
dkupka,nat/redhat/x-dutdfwoewkhxdifi,David Kupka,hitchcock.freenode.net
waz0wski,hrothgar.distortion.io,waz0wski,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kukacz,172.99.70.215,Lukï¿½? Kubï¿½n,orwell.freenode.net
toastedpenguin,104-185-27-156.lightspeed.cicril.sbcglobal.net,purple,wilhelm.freenode.net
dober,unaffiliated/dober,_,weber.freenode.net
rektide_,eldergods.com,rektide,orwell.freenode.net
ganto,84-74-149-144.dclient.hispeed.ch,realname,verne.freenode.net
alvin,kralizec.serverhamster.com,Alvin,kornbluth.freenode.net
jmiu,nat/redhat/x-eoxqtkarwuogaaej,Got ZNC?,asimov.freenode.net
Hazelesque,lopsa/member/hazelesque,Hazel,verne.freenode.net
raginbajin,104.236.243.149,Joseph Bajin,asimov.freenode.net
r00twrh,73.44.33.86,r00tWearsRedHats,wilhelm.freenode.net
lslebodn,nat/redhat/x-xtyuoacwllscymlk,Lukas Slebodnik,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ponky,pon.ky,O A,kornbluth.freenode.net
WildyLion,45.32.185.17,Lion,hitchcock.freenode.net
monty,unaffiliated/monty,cry some more,adams.freenode.net
marek,nat/redhat/x-ncvwdhxbgnrjcuvy,Marek Mahut,wolfe.freenode.net
adelton,nat/redhat/x-emqueimawjleqfax,Jan Pazdziora,asimov.freenode.net
apollo13,django/committer/apollo13,Florian Apolloner,barjavel.freenode.net
spbnick,a91-152-106-187.elisa-laajakaista.fi,Nikolai Kondrashov,orwell.freenode.net
BlaecHrim,kapsi.fi,Kimmo Rantala,adams.freenode.net
peterpakos,cpc65129-barn8-2-0-cust557.17-1.cable.virginm.net,Peter Pakos,wilhelm.freenode.net
ashaman,static-72-82-151-130.cmdnnj.fios.verizon.net,Asha'man,kornbluth.freenode.net
npmccallum,nat/redhat/x-ertdiosggiittjhg,Nathaniel McCallum,tepper.freenode.net
mepholic1,unaffiliated/mepholic,mepholic,adams.freenode.net
moss,fsf/member/moss,moss,wilhelm.freenode.net
oozbooz,45-24-209-58.lightspeed.cicril.sbcglobal.net,ocherno,asimov.freenode.net
cereal,lanaddict.net,cereal,rajaniemi.freenode.net
renout_away,84-245-42-246.dsl.cambrium.nl,renout,karatkievich.freenode.net
ksyz,shell.v3.sk,Krishna Nazaretsky,barjavel.freenode.net
gtrott_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dgqfacnihaaykogq,GT,adams.freenode.net
t4ryn,unaffiliated/t4ryn,â¤ï¸ðððð,rajaniemi.freenode.net
wonko,wiggum.4amlunch.net,Brian Hechinger,verne.freenode.net
viderizer,2001:19f0:6c01:1cf:5400:ff:fe35:ba6f,viderizer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
brad[],TMA-1.brad-x.com,Brad Laue,card.freenode.net
Dominique,2001:bc8:318f:1337::,Dominique,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ekakela,irkki.manticore.fi,Esamatti KÃ¤kelÃ¤ OH2FBJ,orwell.freenode.net
ecdhe,unaffiliated/ecdhe,ecdhe,orwell.freenode.net
leafstorm,2604:a880:800:a1::13:2001,Matthew,karatkievich.freenode.net
Qwazerty,elena.qwazerty.eu,Kevin Houdebert,tepper.freenode.net
Perun,89.238.78.61,slowianin,card.freenode.net
verdurin,fedora/verdurin,verdurin,adams.freenode.net
rharwood,nat/redhat/x-rrokmgsbmgxyymvn,Robbie Harwood,leguin.freenode.net
nt,cpe-2606-A000-4549-AA00-862B-2BFF-FEBC-32A3.dyn6.twc.com,NTolerance,karatkievich.freenode.net
purpleidea,unaffiliated/purpleidea,,wolfe.freenode.net
Merixer,utopia.arvanode.net,Merixer,leguin.freenode.net
eFoobar,198.199.73.6,eFoobar,niven.freenode.net
llunved,kreetago.llunved.net,Daniel Riek,tepper.freenode.net
jordan_c,unaffiliated/jordanc/x-721815,Jordan Conway,leguin.freenode.net
Gaffel,195-252-43-174-no254.tbcn.telia.com,Gaffel,card.freenode.net
sbose,p200300455B028625EAB1FCFFFE553B88.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,sbose,leguin.freenode.net
dgilmore,fedora/dgilmore,Dennis Gilmore,orwell.freenode.net
ghavil,unaffiliated/geekatcomputers,Wouldn't you like to know...,orwell.freenode.net
justin-time,nat/redhat/x-djbaigjfwuwisgef,Justin Stephenson,weber.freenode.net
iFire,unaffiliated/ifire,iFire,hitchcock.freenode.net
striker,nat/redhat/x-hzqqbrrvscfvoyvm,striker@terranforge.com,wilhelm.freenode.net
gluytium,45.63.76.107,is a fictional supervillain,card.freenode.net
eSgr,priv.is-infra.net,eSgr,kornbluth.freenode.net
infowolfe,unaffiliated/infowolfe,i'm not your daddy, kid,weber.freenode.net
fenrus02,fedora/fenris02,pashiri / tsukaibashiri,verne.freenode.net
gd,mail.vt100.at,GÃ¼nther Deschner,wilhelm.freenode.net
blip,ec2-52-90-83-240.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Ben,card.freenode.net
senilio,senil.io,Johnny X,wilhelm.freenode.net
optiz0r,higgins.sihnon.net,optiz0r,asimov.freenode.net
ssimo,cpe-158-222-141-151.nyc.res.rr.com,Simo Sorce,card.freenode.net
echinos,echinos.vs.heavycomputing.ca,echinos,wolfe.freenode.net
sbrock,drokk.org,sbrock,wolfe.freenode.net
side_control,loki.runlevelone.net,quad damage,verne.freenode.net
Telsin,znc.onholyground.com,Telsin,card.freenode.net
social,ip-89-176-197-85.net.upcbroadband.cz,social,adams.freenode.net
tonycoffman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ffpuprwcarfeynes,Tony Coffman,adams.freenode.net
arif-ali,145.255.244.32,Arif Ali,barjavel.freenode.net
shalkie,theadamsresidence.net,Shalkie,karatkievich.freenode.net
RangerRick,cpe-2606-A000-45C2-6901-82EE-73FF-FE9F-967E.dyn6.twc.com,Benjamin Reed,karatkievich.freenode.net
gary_perkins,185.98.148.142,Gary Perkins,karatkievich.freenode.net
ardinor,irc.defestri.org,Jordan M,wolfe.freenode.net
rem5,vtelinet-66-220-238-231.vermontel.net,rem5,asimov.freenode.net
mbooth,redhat/mbooth,Mat Booth,adams.freenode.net
kaushik,125.16.97.127,kaushik,wilhelm.freenode.net
parad1se,x5ce68468.dyn.telefonica.de,davix,kornbluth.freenode.net
minivanmegafun,hardch.at,http://a.minivanmegafun.com/crap/irc/bartholomew.p,asimov.freenode.net
tbordaz,wis38-h01-176-150-106-98.dsl.sta.abo.bbox.fr,thierry bordaz,asimov.freenode.net
ThomasJ,skynet.ganymede.no,ThomasJ,leguin.freenode.net
neuri8,62.109.134.112,nuru,hitchcock.freenode.net
kieren,zaftig.tigs.org,kieren,wolfe.freenode.net
gparente,nat/redhat/x-cihlqorkphbjworj,German Parente,weber.freenode.net
ftweedal,110-174-235-130.static.tpgi.com.au,ftweedal,weber.freenode.net
JempInDaKella__,158.169.150.6,realname,verne.freenode.net
CoJaBo,unaffiliated/cojabo,aztec,adams.freenode.net
iyanmv,5.119.94.90.dynamic.jazztel.es,IyÃ¡n,weber.freenode.net
ebf0,13.81-167-171.customer.lyse.net,http://www.gamelinux.org/,wolfe.freenode.net
fling,fsf/member/fling,fling,card.freenode.net
d-fence,host-85-201-64-140.dynamic.voo.be,christophe,,,,adams.freenode.net
polack,gateway/shell/calpolyswift.org/x-ikndahudactrobcl,polack,rajaniemi.freenode.net
outofbounds,unaffiliated/outofbounds,Out Of Bounds,verne.freenode.net
EvilRoey,flame-n.senet-int.com,Roey Katz,karatkievich.freenode.net
Roey,pool-100-15-82-213.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Roey Katz,weber.freenode.net
antoine_,62-210-205-190.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Antoine,sinisalo.freenode.net
Kryczek,about/security/staff/Kryczek,almost happy,wilhelm.freenode.net
malwar3hun73r,unaffiliated/malwar3hun73r,malwar3hun73r,weber.freenode.net
linuxthefish,unaffiliated/edmundf,E,rajaniemi.freenode.net
DrYucatan|Ru,cpe-74-68-97-19.nyc.res.rr.com,Wuffs,tepper.freenode.net
Emma_Audrey|away,unaffiliated/tempodivalse,Audrey Emma MarÃ³czy,hitchcock.freenode.net
ferret_tails,unafilliated/ferrettails/x-3286028,Ferret Tails,barjavel.freenode.net
BecciCat,unaffiliated/technobecca,(((captain rebecca lioness purr XVIII))),adams.freenode.net
AliceMarie,unaffiliated/soulecho,alice,card.freenode.net
rbdavison,repl.esden.net,Bernard Davison,hitchcock.freenode.net
Jognu_,core.csnu.org,Jognu,wilhelm.freenode.net
dc3_,unaffiliated/dc3,deeseathree,verne.freenode.net
audax,repl.esden.net,Stephen Lee Hulme,hitchcock.freenode.net
hwal,repl.esden.net,Helge Walle,niven.freenode.net
fergusnoble,repl.esden.net,Fergus Noble,orwell.freenode.net
lamestllama,repl.esden.net,Eric Parsonage,adams.freenode.net
flixr,repl.esden.net,Felix Ruess,card.freenode.net
djinni,68.ip-149-56-14.net,djinni,karatkievich.freenode.net
PurpleAlien,3e48e525.adsl.multi.fi,Johan Dams,orwell.freenode.net
bartremes,repl.esden.net,Bart Remes,orwell.freenode.net
esden,repl.esden.net,Piotr Esden-Tempski,adams.freenode.net
ilogger2,46.38.245.227,None,weber.freenode.net
CheBuzz,unaffiliated/chebuzz,Buzz,tepper.freenode.net
MarkusBec,80.69.39.131,Markus Bechtold,niven.freenode.net
moo-_-,lakka.kapsi.fi,Mikko Ohtamaa http://opensourcehacker.com,karatkievich.freenode.net
avium,2607:5300:60:40bf::1,Josh Pokotilow,rajaniemi.freenode.net
frewsxcv_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ernqevzxdxedleal,Corey Farwell,barjavel.freenode.net
cyrilb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ntwahvfubcfxhoeu,Cyril Bouthors,adams.freenode.net
elyograg,apache/committer/elyograg,elyograg,barjavel.freenode.net
selckin,unaffiliated/selckin,selckin,adams.freenode.net
pdurbin,104.236.120.101,pdurbin,orwell.freenode.net
deathy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-irgoosiypdfslhos,deathy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mal``,68.ip-149-56-14.net,mal``,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dragonsinth,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-faqgzjhiddbudity,Scott Blum,adams.freenode.net
eribeiro,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vnuyjewjvbwosdoq,Edward Ribeiro,adams.freenode.net
gdusbabek,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qfudztvtpybzbtxy,Gary Dusbabek,weber.freenode.net
ilogger2,46.38.245.227,None,weber.freenode.net
WebDawg,officialg0d.com,webdawg,orwell.freenode.net
jpountz,denver.dinauz.org,Adrien Grand,orwell.freenode.net
The_Paya,gentoo/developer/thepaya,CatÃ¡strofe de Ãndole ApocalÃ­ptica,leguin.freenode.net
dexter93,unaffiliated/dexter93,Dexter,leguin.freenode.net
WilliamH,gentoo/developer/williamh,William Hubbs,leguin.freenode.net
orumin,224.152.13.160.dy.iij4u.or.jp,KANATSU Minoru,leguin.freenode.net
xnite,data.irc-source.com,Robert Whitney <xnite@xnite.me>,wilhelm.freenode.net
kolla,cloudsmurf.kolla.no,KolbjÃ¸rn Barmen,asimov.freenode.net
MasterPrenium,2a01:4f8:140:70ce:1:0:126:1,MasterPrenium,karatkievich.freenode.net
willikins,gentoo/bot/Willikins,Gentoo Services Bot, based on Ruby bot (c) Giusepp,adams.freenode.net
chithead,gentoo/developer/chithanh,Chï¿½-Thanh Christopher Nguy?n,sinisalo.freenode.net
blueness,gentoo/developer/blueness,Anthony G. Basile,niven.freenode.net
[LeON],unaffiliated/leon-00001,Lechu,leguin.freenode.net
blueness_,gentoo/developer/blueness,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ashmew2,unaffiliated/ashmew2,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
likewhoa,s2.maserver.com,Fernando Reyes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
naota,gentoo/developer/naota,Naohiro Aota,adams.freenode.net
dustinm,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dustinm,weber.freenode.net
mgorny,gentoo/developer/mgorny,Micha? Gï¿½rny,weber.freenode.net
alexxy,gentoo/developer/alexxy,Alexey Shvetsov,sinisalo.freenode.net
sinetek,sinet3k.com,sinetek,wilhelm.freenode.net
Hunger-,prodevops.net,EGO,adams.freenode.net
tris,72.52.96.202,meat popsicle,niven.freenode.net
luohan,unaffiliated/lamusic,rtfm,wilhelm.freenode.net
NP-Hardass,gentoo/developer/np-hardass,NP-Hardass,orwell.freenode.net
hipsterbot,ec2-54-161-108-52.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nodeJS IRC client,adams.freenode.net
orliesaurus,ec2-52-89-143-177.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,a,weber.freenode.net
d0c_s4vage,urmom.me,d0c,card.freenode.net
niran_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pvfsebqshifwwvvg,Niran Babalola,adams.freenode.net
bryguy,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fedf:1d3d,Bryan Reed,karatkievich.freenode.net
amcclosky_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ohfrabbxfujwwtim,Anthony McClosky,wolfe.freenode.net
kurol,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-swseamgpblllqfbe,kurol,adams.freenode.net
tommorris,wikimedia/Tom-Morris,Tom Morris,wolfe.freenode.net
lucky_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dxelfpqclojlwxvs,David Smith,niven.freenode.net
theartisan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uhzntnyzxfmwxowi,Daniel Knell,orwell.freenode.net
tier2villain_,ec2-54-200-14-229.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Maxfield Lehman,barjavel.freenode.net
aji,unaffiliated/aji,Alex J Iadicicco,weber.freenode.net
enthdegree,wikimedia/enthdegree,cdchapm2,leguin.freenode.net
Brando753-o_O_o,63.143.51.198,Brandon Anderson,rajaniemi.freenode.net
FatalNIX,unaffiliated/fatalnix,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
Getty,88.198.38.47,getty,verne.freenode.net
ludocode,24-246-0-251.cable.teksavvy.com,ludocode,adams.freenode.net
stalled,unaffiliated/stalled,stalled,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hazardous,openvpn/user/hazardous,User &,asimov.freenode.net
bigpet,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zinqbqcysijpsfag,Peter Tissen,sinisalo.freenode.net
marex-cloud,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gfcbtykpoetzuhgg,marex,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Marex,195.140.253.167,Marex,hitchcock.freenode.net
[BoltIssueBall],2a03:b0c0:1:d0::24f:d001,[BoltIssueBall],adams.freenode.net
SahAssar,178.62.235.101,SahAssar,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
gawainlynch,rrcs-64-183-179-246.sw.biz.rr.com,Gawain Lynch,barjavel.freenode.net
orrc,jenkins/developer/orrc,orrc,barjavel.freenode.net
dserodio,unaffiliated/dserodio,Daniel Serodio,wolfe.freenode.net
rtyler,jenkins/developer/rtyler,User Tyler,verne.freenode.net
sabre1041,12.217.90.141,Andrew Block,adams.freenode.net
batmat,198.ip-149-202-45.eu,Baptiste,barjavel.freenode.net
bitwiseman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dsbqdzoohrmjblmn,Liam Newman,wolfe.freenode.net
autojack,unaffiliated/autojack,KJ6AKQ,asimov.freenode.net
hrmpw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ydlgbcpxmdoqdejm,Patrick Wolf,leguin.freenode.net
alyssat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wqaghhtvgqpcfcvj,alyssa tong,wolfe.freenode.net
robobutler,jenkins-edamame.osuosl.org,Supybot 0.83.4.1,wolfe.freenode.net
danielbeck,jenkins/developer/danielbeck,Daniel Beck,sinisalo.freenode.net
aheritier,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-epeujgoayiatjxhn,Arnaud HÃ©ritier,barjavel.freenode.net
kohsuke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dsumkvhmfforaokz,Kohsuke Kawaguchi,niven.freenode.net
oleg-nenashev,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-janmwydyzeqqqxgc,Oleg Nenashev,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
jglick,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sllbtlsingzanswt,Jesse Glick,wolfe.freenode.net
Shiar|Hiatus,2001:19f0:5801:197::7,Shiar,niven.freenode.net
Finetundra,107-130-112-19.lightspeed.tukrga.sbcglobal.net,James,adams.freenode.net
derpy,p4FEFF0C8.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,nico,adams.freenode.net
sudhakar,192.8.227.167,realname,adams.freenode.net
pelp,unaffiliated/pelp,pelp,wolfe.freenode.net
Tundra,107-130-112-19.lightspeed.tukrga.sbcglobal.net,AndChat462336,karatkievich.freenode.net
ReinH_,107.170.228.237,reinh,barjavel.freenode.net
mindbat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bwfdankzgkfjvcnz,Ron Toland,wilhelm.freenode.net
codingquark,2a03:b0c0:0:1010::2b7:3001,Dhavan Vaidya,wolfe.freenode.net
Shvillr,poncelet.ru,shviller@gmail.com,sinisalo.freenode.net
joegallo,ec2-54-200-209-7.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Joe Gallo,adams.freenode.net
kline,freenode/staff/enucs.kline,Gareth,weber.freenode.net
technomancy,170.ip-158-69-211.net,unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
Shviller,ppp83-237-186-217.pppoe.mtu-net.ru,shviller@gmail.com,sinisalo.freenode.net
josefnpat,li482-25.members.linode.com,Seppi,karatkievich.freenode.net
MichaelRaskin,195.91.224.161,MichaelRaskin,adams.freenode.net
editable-koo,ec2-54-93-67-38.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com,EC2 Default User,adams.freenode.net
sirdancealot,109.107.211.244,realname,card.freenode.net
HMCa,37.153.110.58,alpha,orwell.freenode.net
jibble_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dbpiwmjtpyyhnuww,bacon,wilhelm.freenode.net
cantora,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-umtubjihtrskprlq,cantora,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
redfish64,45.32.52.10,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
JackPeasant,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-djoxqvrhluqvubnn,Jonathan Robinson,wolfe.freenode.net
arturorc,132.248.9.217,arturorc,karatkievich.freenode.net
fabiobatalha,teste.citacao2.scielo.org,fabiobatalha,weber.freenode.net
Richard42,cpe-76-175-99-20.socal.res.rr.com,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
Behold,unaffiliated/beholdmyglory,Arvid,karatkievich.freenode.net
rlabrecque,unaffiliated/rlabrecque,rlabrecque,card.freenode.net
jrra,2604:a880:400:d0::db8:b001,jrra,wilhelm.freenode.net
msm,unaffiliated/msm,Work Horse,karatkievich.freenode.net
sergio-br2,177.33.247.89,Sï¿½rgio Benjamim,karatkievich.freenode.net
ericj,montezuma.acc.umu.se,Eric Jï¿½nsson,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mephostophilis,2604:a880:800:10::539:1007,mephostophilis,wilhelm.freenode.net
crowell,unaffiliated/crowell,Jeffrey Crowell,barjavel.freenode.net
clobber,2604:a880:800:10::1c4c:e001,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
jimmyff,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kitztknaillapzdq,jimmyff,adams.freenode.net
Gillou68310,2a01cb0000086d00c01c00b4231de2ed.ipv6.abo.wanadoo.fr,Gilles Siberlin,wolfe.freenode.net
Zialus,117.26.60.94.rev.vodafone.pt,RMF,barjavel.freenode.net
Kyman,162.220.205-127.ip.standardbroadband.ca,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
balrog,unaffiliated/balrog,balrog,orwell.freenode.net
Kafei,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/kafei,Kafei,barjavel.freenode.net
bentley`,75-161-72-30.albq.qwest.net,Anthony J. Bentley,orwell.freenode.net
ODS,2604:a880:800:10::924:f00d,okaygo,karatkievich.freenode.net
nogagplz_,202-159-169-2.dyn.iinet.net.au,nogagplz,hitchcock.freenode.net
loicloic,118.130.198.178.dynamic.wline.res.cust.swisscom.ch,loicloic,weber.freenode.net
Rena,pstnon1203w-lp130-03-174-89-137-239.dsl.bell.ca,Rena Kunisaki,adams.freenode.net
Isotarge,2001:44b8:25e:1900:fddf:7ee8:cb52:73af,Isotarge,wilhelm.freenode.net
saneki,dedi.zylongaming.com,saneki,card.freenode.net
thican,megaman.thican.net,Thibaud CANALE,barjavel.freenode.net
GuentherB,dslb-092-078-140-069.092.078.pools.vodafone-ip.de,GÃ¼nther Brammer,wolfe.freenode.net
krnlyng,77.116.16.9.wireless.dyn.drei.com,liar,wilhelm.freenode.net
orbea,unaffiliated/orbea,orbea,asimov.freenode.net
Extrems,presper.ipv6.extremscorner.org,https://www.extremscorner.org/,karatkievich.freenode.net
Mysoft,unaffiliated/mysoft,Limp Bizkit User,wilhelm.freenode.net
forenbenutzer,p5488FE59.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,forenbenutzer,wilhelm.freenode.net
Surkow|laptop,54680E40.cm-12-1a.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Sereth,niven.freenode.net
xSmurf,gateway/vpn/mullvad/x-ywgkgxhrvwifnpmw,Murf,karatkievich.freenode.net
Lucky_ABA,ip184-189-229-238.sb.sd.cox.net,Lucky,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
nexilus,c-313fe353.013-76-73746f44.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,Jan Sankala,card.freenode.net
Tristan-Speccy,213.163.67.18,Tristan,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
quackgyver,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gsaepubddtwhitow,quackgyver,karatkievich.freenode.net
Infamous,185.38.14.119,Flo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
theShirbiny,unaffiliated/theshirbiny,theShirbiny,verne.freenode.net
devster31,2001:41d0:1:a3af::1,devsterknight,wolfe.freenode.net
bcc,linaro/bcc,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
ink0gnito,5.79.74.141,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
zentropy,lnsm1-toronto63-142-116-61-174.internet.virginmobile.ca,ntropy,verne.freenode.net
clips,ppp118-208-199-26.bras1.hba1.internode.on.net,realname,niven.freenode.net
davyjones,95.211.100.76,davyjones,wilhelm.freenode.net
daniel2,unaffiliated/danielshafer,Daniel Shafer,wilhelm.freenode.net
rembo10,static.63.244.201.138.clients.your-server.de,rembo10,tepper.freenode.net
chris2bass,47-32-159-135.dhcp.snlo.ca.charter.com,realname,niven.freenode.net
TPDBN,79-68-87-2.dynamic.dsl.as9105.com,purple,wolfe.freenode.net
goobi,162.216.46.77,No,hitchcock.freenode.net
Ladon,lucl.in,shadowknight,orwell.freenode.net
meaning,cream.seedhost.eu,meaning,karatkievich.freenode.net
thesalan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-trzzypmmswibqqbn,Thesalan,wolfe.freenode.net
Embalmed,unaffiliated/embalmed,embalmed,card.freenode.net
xer0x_,165.225.149.90,x,asimov.freenode.net
mooncup,special-snowflake/mooncup,mooncup,hitchcock.freenode.net
munch,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-nbotweaimtlgdjhx,THE NOTORIOUS,karatkievich.freenode.net
pozzoni,2604:180::5a69:7f32,pozzoni,wilhelm.freenode.net
theaetetus,unaffiliated/theaetetus,theaetetus,tepper.freenode.net
spuniun,kamino.doesntexist.org,spuniun,asimov.freenode.net
FrozenFire,pdpc/supporter/active/frozenfire,FrozenFire,wolfe.freenode.net
g00gle,94.232.119.8,Mitchel,tepper.freenode.net
pk12,163.172.210.79,pk12,adams.freenode.net
DenBeiren,78-20-238-68.access.telenet.be,denbeiren,hitchcock.freenode.net
soehest,irc.eth0.dk,never sit and watch me burn,niven.freenode.net
pastly,pool-71-246-217-157.washdc.fios.verizon.net,pastly,hitchcock.freenode.net
pugfantus,50.35.93.119,Minister of Information and Keeper of the Ho-Stick,asimov.freenode.net
uZer42,unaffiliated/uzer42,admin,card.freenode.net
Humtek,ec2-52-37-236-47.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Humtek,weber.freenode.net
daktak,220-245-14-175.static.tpgi.com.au,Quassel IRC User,asimov.freenode.net
TragicM3LON,104.236.46.152,TragicM3LON,asimov.freenode.net
supergonkas,2001:470:1f07:55d::25,whois,karatkievich.freenode.net
ggherdov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vbwaayesufqmtyef,Giovanni Gherdovich,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cmn,hessy.dwim.me,Carlos MartÃ­n Nieto,rajaniemi.freenode.net
souther,2605:6400:1:fed5:22:1ac:61c0:e24e,souther,wilhelm.freenode.net
avar,wikipedia/avar,rava,asimov.freenode.net
knittl,unaffiliated/knittl,knittl,wolfe.freenode.net
JStoker,unaffiliated/jstoker,JStoker,niven.freenode.net
cxreg,62.f9.1243.static.theplanet.com,Dave O,weber.freenode.net
tgummerer,unaffiliated/tgummerer,tommy,niven.freenode.net
ilogger2,46.38.245.227,None,weber.freenode.net
scorphus,CAcert/User/scorphus,scorphus,weber.freenode.net
camerin,elite.bshellz.net,camerin,hitchcock.freenode.net
jrnieder,104.132.0.80,jrn,orwell.freenode.net
gitinfo,infobot.gitrecipes.de,#git info bot, run by jast,adams.freenode.net
jailbox,0120600178.0.fullrate.ninja,Lars Johannsen,niven.freenode.net
jast,zoidberg.org,Jan KrÃ¼ger - http://jk.gs/,orwell.freenode.net
snappy,unaffiliated/snappy,snappy,wilhelm.freenode.net
chapuni64,softbank126216194073.bbtec.net,NAKAMURA Takumi,wilhelm.freenode.net
PjotrOrial,unaffiliated/pjotrorial,Stefan Beller,verne.freenode.net
Juri_Agarin,kekkonen.niksula.hut.fi,o,leguin.freenode.net
doppo,2604:180::e0fc:a07f,doppo,karatkievich.freenode.net
mal``,68.ip-149-56-14.net,mal``,rajaniemi.freenode.net
demonimin,unaffiliated/demonimin,demonimin,karatkievich.freenode.net
barrbrain,121.137.63.50,David Michael Barr,wolfe.freenode.net
Seveas,seveas.net,Dennis Kaarsemaker,niven.freenode.net
LongyanG,15255.s.t4vps.eu,long yang,wolfe.freenode.net
CryptoTraderClub,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vuqbpkuszyeuqimz,Dave,adams.freenode.net
MrPacino,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sqlaoqejpqnovoul,DoritoNakamoto,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
mikegeister,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-okrvwazvplxerepg,Michael,adams.freenode.net
Nothing4You,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
EvilWerezombie,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Korvin,concrete5/79063/Korvin,Korvin,karatkievich.freenode.net
slajax,S01066c709fd7243f.vn.shawcable.net,slajax,weber.freenode.net
zntrpy,consolecowboy.net,Case,weber.freenode.net
sz0,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uioggvqiwzvmumcv,Sonmez Kartal,adams.freenode.net
m0ltar,159.203.35.170,m0ltar,weber.freenode.net
Xe,infoforcefeed/Xe,Xe,weber.freenode.net
termie_,pdpc/supporter/bronze/termie,termie,asimov.freenode.net
voxxit,2604:a880:1:20::1e5:900f,Josh Delsman,roddenberry.freenode.net
antoligy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gapicqsviezuwywz,Alex Wilson,adams.freenode.net
RazorX,znc.evansosenko.com,RazorX,card.freenode.net
Robbo`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nhsnjktwobkjneuc,Robbo,wilhelm.freenode.net
jduhamel,ec2-54-200-85-32.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Got ZNC?,verne.freenode.net
fullstack,unaffiliated/fullstack,fs,karatkievich.freenode.net
MSHughes,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jfoxsvzozxwzapua,Msh,wolfe.freenode.net
candy`,ai.mkz.me,pouet,barjavel.freenode.net
kkeithley,nat/redhat/x-irftdljfyvctkkbc,Kaleb S. KEITHLEY,sinisalo.freenode.net
tbarron,2604:a880:800:10::769:d001,Tom Barron,rajaniemi.freenode.net
post-factum,vulcan.natalenko.name,Oleksandr Natalenko,wolfe.freenode.net
dang_work,gentoo/developer/dang,Daniel Gryniewicz,orwell.freenode.net
MadPsy,unaffiliated/madpsy-/x-5109697,MadPsy,card.freenode.net
ndevos,redhat/ndevos,Niels de Vos,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ffilzwin,c-67-170-185-135.hsd1.or.comcast.net,Frank Filz,karatkievich.freenode.net
martinetd,nautica.notk.org,Dominique Martinet,karatkievich.freenode.net
afics,unaffiliated/-x-/x-5730914,afics,card.freenode.net
jhp,2a02:b70:0:1:230:48ff:fe31:4558,Jan Hugo Prins,niven.freenode.net
infernix,unaffiliated/infernix,the funk phenomena,weber.freenode.net
jlayton,107.13.71.30,Jeff Layton,karatkievich.freenode.net
achender,ip68-230-107-107.ph.ph.cox.net,Allison Henderson,verne.freenode.net
zed,pdpc/supporter/active/zed,zed,asimov.freenode.net
ffilz,c-67-170-185-135.hsd1.or.comcast.net,Frank Filz,niven.freenode.net
denisok,nat/novell/x-boxvbgpxscvoumda,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
achender_,ip68-230-107-107.ph.ph.cox.net,Allison Henderson,weber.freenode.net
JoeJulian,108.166.123.190,Joe Julian,sinisalo.freenode.net
higgins,68.ip-149-56-14.net,higgins,adams.freenode.net
cliluw,unaffiliated/cliluw,realname,adams.freenode.net
lujara,unaffiliated/lujara,lujara,verne.freenode.net
jpa-,hilla.kapsi.fi,Petteri Aimonen,barjavel.freenode.net
funnel,unaffiliated/espiral,funnel,hitchcock.freenode.net
drdanick,203-173-214-255.dialup.ihug.co.nz,Nick,card.freenode.net
g1powermac,unaffiliated/g1powermac,J Silverman,orwell.freenode.net
r0kc4t,felderundfiguren.de,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
pocketprotector,unaffiliated/pocketprotector,* I'm not to lame to read BitchX.doc *,niven.freenode.net
shesmu,d24-150-190-228.home.cgocable.net,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
ntfreak,unaffiliated/ntfreak,Spencer Oliver,niven.freenode.net
jweinberg,unaffiliated/jweinberg,Joshua Weinberg,barjavel.freenode.net
phryk,ip-37-24-162-208.hsi14.unitymediagroup.de,Your mom.,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Broly,gave-jessica-and-ashlee-simpson-my.stickynapalm.com,gagz,niven.freenode.net
Plugh,CPE68b6fc4e50b3-CM68b6fc4e50b0.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,purple,rajaniemi.freenode.net
DKordic,93-86-133-72.dynamic.isp.telekom.rs,Danilo Kordic,verne.freenode.net
|interface|,195-154-114-223.rev.poneytelecom.eu,gg,verne.freenode.net
LoRez,freenode/staff-emeritus/lorez,LoRez,tepper.freenode.net
L0j1k,unaffiliated/l0j1k,L0j1k,adams.freenode.net
mpk,aggr.com,Mika Pruikkonen,asimov.freenode.net
ohama,cicolina.org,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
z01d,195.154.45.0,zoidberg,sinisalo.freenode.net
Mr_Sheesh,unaffiliated/mr-sheesh/x-0757054,M,card.freenode.net
SpeakerToMeat,prgmr/customer/SpeakerToMeat,Speaker To Meat,barjavel.freenode.net
mal``,68.ip-149-56-14.net,mal``,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ArtyG,c-67-168-117-161.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,purple,adams.freenode.net
theBear,unaffiliated/thebear,Does the program can be run on Windows 8th?,wilhelm.freenode.net
Neuron1k,156.ip-164-132-42.eu,neuron1k,asimov.freenode.net
nickoe,5b96fc67.rev.stofanet.dk,nickoe,tepper.freenode.net
wolfmanjm,99-139-75-113.lightspeed.snjsca.sbcglobal.net,Jim Morris,tepper.freenode.net
dongs,bcas.tv,loljews,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Macaba,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe50:b330,Macaba,niven.freenode.net
TheMonkey,xdsl-89-0-117-133.netcologne.de,NA,rajaniemi.freenode.net
arthur-_,177.26.7.93.rev.sfr.net,arthur wolf,adams.freenode.net
Triffid_Hunter,unaffiliated/triffid-hunter,http://create3d.com.au,asimov.freenode.net
hopson,ec2-54-191-40-78.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,hopson,asimov.freenode.net
Vollmer,ampache/staff/vollmer,Vollmer,orwell.freenode.net
Krampus,ec2-54-191-40-78.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Krampus,hitchcock.freenode.net
flaf,sumsum.flaf.fr,Francois Lafont,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Jello_Raptor,li641-12.members.linode.com,Jello_Raptor,hitchcock.freenode.net
btrfsnice______,219.85.166.220,cinch,rajaniemi.freenode.net
erhandsome,unaffiliated/erhandsome,erhandsome,weber.freenode.net
gko2,114-32-172-194.HINET-IP.hinet.net,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
superbil,unaffiliated/superbil,superbil,orwell.freenode.net
cibs,118-163-170-73.HINET-IP.hinet.net,cibs,roddenberry.freenode.net
gko,2400:8900::f03c:91ff:fe70:e605,gko,leguin.freenode.net
roscoe_tw,220-133-198-194.HINET-IP.hinet.net,unknown,verne.freenode.net
lancetw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qxzlcqitfeigbdsb,Hsin-lin Cheng,wolfe.freenode.net
echelog,108.61.103.42,echelog,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Gintaro,geertswei.nl,gintaro,kornbluth.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
webframp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vwzlpniyhcvfjgrc,Sean Escriva,karatkievich.freenode.net
matburt,142.32.196.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,Matthew Jones,asimov.freenode.net
Asdfghjkl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qieyvljviasmwboa,Asdfghjkl,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
m-bright,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:feae:3817,Marcus Fulbright,karatkievich.freenode.net
jorendorff_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dvwqcpcoalimlpwp,Jason Orendorff,adams.freenode.net
sam452,192.73.233.166,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
jwoodcock,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jcfamtxkjlowjfog,Jacques,karatkievich.freenode.net
TheEyeOfSmug,c-68-53-148-95.hsd1.tn.comcast.net,Smug Stacy,asimov.freenode.net
holodnak,nesemu2.com,Prokhor Zakharov,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Slaytorson|away,ec2-54-197-223-232.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
kevincrawley,feed.me.hotchicken.org,your face,card.freenode.net
lancehilliard,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iawhivdonyqvobjo,Lance Hilliard,leguin.freenode.net
Corydon76,c-76-18-171-21.hsd1.tn.comcast.net,Tilghman Lesher,wilhelm.freenode.net
bbradley,104.128.224.33,bbradley,rajaniemi.freenode.net
toastercookie,znc.ninjaservic.es,angelo,asimov.freenode.net
Troy_Davis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ifgoflefhsmbongo,troy,wilhelm.freenode.net
androidninja,unaffiliated/androidninja,ninja,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
flibitijibibo,2601:c6:c102:8b90:49f3:d1ef:acb5:fe18,Ethan Lee,niven.freenode.net
KR__,znc.squelch.chat,KR,asimov.freenode.net
Extapathy,jpritchard.co.uk,John,sinisalo.freenode.net
booto,april-fools/2014/winner/booto,booto,card.freenode.net
DrewRWx,voyager.whatbox.ca,Drew@Waran.is,sinisalo.freenode.net
cyrozap,2604:180:2:69f::45de,cyrozap,wilhelm.freenode.net
mrasmus,mrasm.us,Matt Rasmussen,tepper.freenode.net
Gramner,81-227-53-67-no27.tbcn.telia.com,Gramner,card.freenode.net
Zeldo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bsjzaahbmmlrqkip,Zeldo,niven.freenode.net
korda,200-247-181-180.cpe.skymesh.net.au,Unknown,roddenberry.freenode.net
iZsh,microprobing.and.ha.cki.ng,iZsh,barjavel.freenode.net
rctgamer3,shellium/member/rctgamer3,rctgamer3,verne.freenode.net
dibas,unaffiliated/dibas,dibas,asimov.freenode.net
RoadrunnerWMC,104.236.106.247,RoadrunnerWMC,weber.freenode.net
early,68.ip-149-56-14.net,early,orwell.freenode.net
MonkeyofDoom,2601:240:c400:5d33:dd62:5953:ca08:b49c,four,karatkievich.freenode.net
drathir,unaffiliated/drathir,drathir,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
nadir,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xcnwmulefbkcjwwu,CYBORG 11. Buddy spike.,leguin.freenode.net
tfgbd,2002:2d3e:f754::2d3e:f754,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
fluter,fedora/fluter,FDZ,karatkievich.freenode.net
gitgud,2602:ffc5:20::1:b7f4,>D,rajaniemi.freenode.net
CussBot,unaffiliated/mamarley/bot/mamarley-bots, Cuss Statistics Bot,karatkievich.freenode.net
Pi_User5,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-wdlekfpmnuxxwkyz,Jared,karatkievich.freenode.net
klys,45.55.20.239,Mdasoh Kyaeppd,wolfe.freenode.net
Boteauful,104.128.237.113,Kitteh,verne.freenode.net
`{^v^},unaffiliated/nonothing,Owl,sinisalo.freenode.net
Mr_Sheesh,unaffiliated/mr-sheesh/x-0757054,M,card.freenode.net
Finetundra,107-130-112-19.lightspeed.tukrga.sbcglobal.net,James,adams.freenode.net
DieMonkeys,173-29-104-182.client.mchsi.com,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
hue,zirc/eclipse,hue,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
MakeIRCGrtAgain,c-98-214-148-170.hsd1.il.comcast.net,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
gtfhercules,c-24-5-194-136.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,realname,verne.freenode.net
Tundra,107-130-112-19.lightspeed.tukrga.sbcglobal.net,AndChat462336,karatkievich.freenode.net
nzw1_,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-ivkizklwmmhxribr,LayerBNC - At Your Fingertips!,verne.freenode.net
SpaceAce,124-150-73-224.dyn.iinet.net.au,realname,niven.freenode.net
