Steinsplitter,wikimedia/Steinsplitter,Steinsplitter,adams.freenode.net
matanya,wikimedia/matanya,Matanya,wolfe.freenode.net
tzafrir,bzq-82-81-175-197.red.bezeqint.net,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Alternity,unaffiliated/tinycat,Alternity,karatkievich.freenode.net
faari,coffee.modeemi.fi,Ari Haapasaari,rajaniemi.freenode.net
charley,204.228.228.228,bhh,orwell.freenode.net
_The_Dude,72.38.238.101,lebowski,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zyphaz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-axyzcfndbxahruuz,zyphaz,card.freenode.net
irv,unaffiliated/irv,irv,weber.freenode.net
pbccw,unaffiliated/oneunder,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
Jorge-zimb,2.216.49.208,Adium User,weber.freenode.net
zaf,76.72.92.37,NOPE,barjavel.freenode.net
then4116,unaffiliated/then4116,te,adams.freenode.net
pentiumone133,c-98-220-69-19.hsd1.il.comcast.net,Will,karatkievich.freenode.net
EvaSDK,gentoo/developer/evasdk,Gilles Dartiguelongue,niven.freenode.net
mgorbach,pool-96-237-153-152.bstnma.ftas.verizon.net,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
St0neHead,2a01:7e00:e001:3700:6667::2,Steinar Seljevold,niven.freenode.net
specing,unaffiliated/specing,Agent Smith,niven.freenode.net
mutiny,cpe-104-174-95-147.socal.res.rr.com,realname,tepper.freenode.net
swc|666_,Aircrack-NG/Friend,a white guy,weber.freenode.net
Siosm,siosm.fr,Timoth�e Ravier,wolfe.freenode.net
yangwao,v6.syx.sk,Roman Nevikov,wilhelm.freenode.net
venom00ut,unaffiliated/venom00,venom00,rajaniemi.freenode.net
maolang,2a01:e35:2e6c:5620:c77e:c4ff:15e1:718,Daenerys Targaryen,adams.freenode.net
Thymo,524ACC90.cm-4-3d.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Thymo van Beers,verne.freenode.net
laomaiweng,minster.io,Quentin Minster,asimov.freenode.net
beencubed,209.131.238.248,realname,adams.freenode.net
jailbox,0120600178.0.fullrate.ninja,Lars Johannsen,niven.freenode.net
CcxWrk,asterix.te2000.cz,('.'),tepper.freenode.net
protodev,eltanin.uberspace.de,proto,adams.freenode.net
mrueg,gentoo/developer/mrueg,Manuel Rueger,adams.freenode.net
vzctl_,5.9.6.35,vzctl,adams.freenode.net
txt-file,is.txtfile.eu,txt.file,adams.freenode.net
Method,unaffiliated/method,Method,wolfe.freenode.net
stk,unaffiliated/-5tk/x-9484778,stk,wolfe.freenode.net
spinoli,static-173-79-223-27.washdc.fios.verizon.net,spinoli,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Chinorro,2a01:4f8:120:9332::2,Chino,niven.freenode.net
peedub|work,71-92-244-106.static.trlk.ca.charter.com,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
Hello71,wikipedia/Hello71,Hello71,weber.freenode.net
Cetusx,c-73-210-161-213.hsd1.il.comcast.net,y,verne.freenode.net
ntnn,h2452363.stratoserver.net,ntnn,kornbluth.freenode.net
HedgeWork,unaffiliated/hedgemage,Susan Sons,asimov.freenode.net
cruzr,unaffiliated/miniCruzer,ok,wolfe.freenode.net
mitzip,funtoo/staff/mitzip,mitzip,asimov.freenode.net
pebenito,unaffiliated/pebenito,Chris PeBenito,leguin.freenode.net
alexxy,gentoo/developer/alexxy,Alexey Shvetsov,sinisalo.freenode.net
justanotheruser,unaffiliated/justanotheruser,Justan,adams.freenode.net
ephemer0l,unaffiliated/ephemer0l,ephemer0l,wilhelm.freenode.net
HeXiLeD,unaffiliated/hexiled,OTR_enabled,verne.freenode.net
Nycatelos,unaffiliated/illusional,Yidhra Kthanid,wilhelm.freenode.net
feandil,sgp01-2-83-157-96-118.fbx.proxad.net,feandil,tepper.freenode.net
UberPing1in,208.102.208.124,pinguin,karatkievich.freenode.net
souther,2605:6400:1:fed5:22:1ac:61c0:e24e,souther,wilhelm.freenode.net
havoc_,2a01:c9c0:a1:1000:0:aff:fe6b:6f,havoc,niven.freenode.net
crito_,HSI-KBW-095-208-248-101.hsi5.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de,crito,wilhelm.freenode.net
stintel,madwifi/support/stintel,Stijn Tintel,adams.freenode.net
eroen,unaffiliated/eroen,eroen,leguin.freenode.net
kab-el,blackhole.sk,Kabel of Blackhole,card.freenode.net
holgersson,unaffiliated/holgersson,holgersson,karatkievich.freenode.net
Hydrazine,2001:67c:2564:ab03::9,Koen,sinisalo.freenode.net
citypw,188.166.188.160,citypw,barjavel.freenode.net
MitchCapper,unaffiliated/mitchcapper,IRCUser,adams.freenode.net
stoile,shell2.bawue.net,Philipp Riegger,karatkievich.freenode.net
luke-jr,unaffiliated/luke-jr,Luke Dashjr,hitchcock.freenode.net
willikins,gentoo/bot/Willikins,Gentoo Services Bot, based on Ruby bot (c) Giusepp,adams.freenode.net
catpigger,p54A56589.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,realname,leguin.freenode.net
Aristar,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-orijiczwjzkamwzb,rewt,adams.freenode.net
D5,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rdxzumozielhxvhy,D,wilhelm.freenode.net
frostsnow,static-50-43-56-137.bvtn.or.frontiernet.net,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
wip_,213-65-245-112-no92.tbcn.telia.com,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
vinky,c-05a372d5.012-157-73746f34.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,Fredric,tepper.freenode.net
klondike,gentoo/developer/klondike,klondike,verne.freenode.net
ne0futur,pdpc/student/ne0futur,neofutur,rajaniemi.freenode.net
chutzpah,gentoo/developer/chutzpah,chutz,wolfe.freenode.net
firesock,vali.lamercake.org,firesock serwalek,rajaniemi.freenode.net
IooNag,iphiclides.iosenag.net,IooNag,wilhelm.freenode.net
independence,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-gqcgjmfdgthixjhn,indy,orwell.freenode.net
fling,fsf/member/fling,fling,card.freenode.net
Appleman1234,KD106161200068.au-net.ne.jp,Benjamin Southall,card.freenode.net
mpagano,smtp.gentoo.org,Mike Pagano,rajaniemi.freenode.net
insecure,wurde.zum.chatten.genoetigt.de,Tobias Hommel,tepper.freenode.net
dlan,gentoo/developer/dlan,lan,hitchcock.freenode.net
zimzum,unaffiliated/zimzum,no.,card.freenode.net
nemunaire,2a01:e35:8bb7:3c60::a,nemunaire,sinisalo.freenode.net
chris2,vuxu.org,Christian Neukirchen,niven.freenode.net
floppym,gentoo/developer/floppym,Mike Gilbert,adams.freenode.net
niteLite_,host.hackbytes.com,niteLite,verne.freenode.net
Captain_Beezay,funtoo/user/terabit,terabit,wilhelm.freenode.net
nullify,unaffiliated/nullify,Who knows,barjavel.freenode.net
josef64,unaffiliated/josef64,josef64,sinisalo.freenode.net
dol-sen,gentoo/developer/dol-sen,Brian Dolbec,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pfeifer,c-67-185-53-231.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,Jay Pfeifer,sinisalo.freenode.net
pchrist,gentoo/developer/pchrist,Panagiotis Christopoulos,niven.freenode.net
mlen,hawk.aquila.re,Mateusz Lenik,barjavel.freenode.net
hive-mind,67.53.153.59,hivemind,karatkievich.freenode.net
robogoat,163.172.136.88,robogoat,wolfe.freenode.net
br3n,silenceisdefeat.com,DEADNSAPIECEOFSHIT,verne.freenode.net
k4tfish,reniced.net,k4tfi5h,karatkievich.freenode.net
bbee,unaffiliated/bbee,bbee,weber.freenode.net
Trizt,ukko.aho.hk,user,niven.freenode.net
copumpkin,haskell/developer/copumpkin,Gourdmeister,sinisalo.freenode.net
zaolin,lunarius.fe80.eu,zaolin,adams.freenode.net
robink,unaffilated/robink,Robin Kauffman,card.freenode.net
Aleister,x1-6-00-15-17-0e-64-0d.cpe.webspeed.dk,Quassel IRC User,orwell.freenode.net
kInOzAwA,linuxforum/member/kInOzAwA,b7d2e3c01670a39688ae6dd2c99867bd,asimov.freenode.net
kensington,gentoo/developer/kensington,kensington,roddenberry.freenode.net
dustfinger,d198-166-37-46.abhsia.telus.net,unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kallamej,gentoo/developer/kallamej,kallamej,hitchcock.freenode.net
lavish,gentoo/user/lavish,lavish,adams.freenode.net
thican,megaman.thican.net,Thibaud CANALE,barjavel.freenode.net
laen,cust.17.21.adsl.cistron.nl,rirc v0.1,hitchcock.freenode.net
p1l3t,38.69.42.22,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
dilfridge,gentoo/developer/dilfridge,Andreas K. Huettel,karatkievich.freenode.net
ln5,proj.adb-centralen.se,Linus N,barjavel.freenode.net
sfix,unaffiliated/sfix,Gary Tierney,asimov.freenode.net
prometheanfire,gentoo/developer/prometheanfire,Matthew Thode,card.freenode.net
valkyr1e,unaffiliated/hydralisk,valkyrie,weber.freenode.net
maffblaster,gentoo/developer/maffblaster,Maff,rajaniemi.freenode.net
airen,airencracken.com,airen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
haasn,haasn.xyz,haasn,rajaniemi.freenode.net
draynium,45.63.76.107,needs coffee,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jmorgan,gentoo/developer/jmorgan,Jack Morgan,adams.freenode.net
ago,gentoo/developer/ago,Agostino Sarubbo,orwell.freenode.net
zx2c4,gentoo/developer/zx2c4,ZX2C4,hitchcock.freenode.net
blueness,gentoo/developer/blueness,Anthony G. Basile,niven.freenode.net
thunderrd,110.77.194.93,realname,tepper.freenode.net
__20h__,r-36.net,some_one,karatkievich.freenode.net
TheAppleMan,funtoo/contributor/theappleman,Apple,sinisalo.freenode.net
tmr,hilla.kapsi.fi,Jarkko Mäntylä,wilhelm.freenode.net
jmbsvicetto,gentoo/developer/jmbsvicetto,Jorge Manuel B. S. Vicetto,wilhelm.freenode.net
SwifT,gentoo/developer/SwifT,Sven,wolfe.freenode.net
Hunger-,prodevops.net,EGO,adams.freenode.net
carc,unaffiliated/carc,carc,karatkievich.freenode.net
johu,gentoo/developer/johu,Johannes Huber,hitchcock.freenode.net
LaserEyess,unaffiliated/lasereyess,anon,orwell.freenode.net
perfinion,gentoo/developer/perfinion,Jason,niven.freenode.net
dlewen1,rymdskepp.yta52.net,dlewen,adams.freenode.net
jmorgani_,nat/intel/x-gseucgdwcnukxpog,Jack Morgan,barjavel.freenode.net
jotik,unaffiliated/jotik,J,karatkievich.freenode.net
sn0wmonster,taskhive/developer/sn0wmonster,Skifree Snowmonster,wolfe.freenode.net
w1gz,ns336895.ip-178-32-220.eu,khs,karatkievich.freenode.net
mendez,electricabac.us,mendez,wilhelm.freenode.net
srcerer_,dns2.klsairexpress.com,New Now Know How,sinisalo.freenode.net
idl0r,gentoo/developer/idl0r,Christian Ruppert,niven.freenode.net
minipli,natty.ld-linux.so,Mathias Krause,hitchcock.freenode.net
nixdork,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-fdrgyfrhedxixera,we dont need no windows - [EliteBNC],rajaniemi.freenode.net
xhub,zamok.crans.org,Olivier Huber,leguin.freenode.net
jeezy,bitchx/apple/jeezy,King of the Ghetto,sinisalo.freenode.net
minimalism,unaffiliated/minimalism,none,verne.freenode.net
wiewo,fossencdi.org,Wolfgang Wiedmeyer,verne.freenode.net
ncl,unaffiliated/ncl,ncl,orwell.freenode.net
spacedus2,static.88-198-98-197.clients.your-server.de,info,asimov.freenode.net
steev,gentoo/developer/steev,Steev Klimaszewski,adams.freenode.net
ksmith,2a06:3000::121:65,kary smith,adams.freenode.net
phantomcircuit,192.241.205.97,phantomcircuit,card.freenode.net
fixinko,phoenix.wheel.sk,fixinko,weber.freenode.net
Kiju,unaffiliated/kiju,kiju,tepper.freenode.net
Praise,unaffiliated/praise,Joe Chip,leguin.freenode.net
chithead,gentoo/developer/chithanh,Ch�-Thanh Christopher Nguy?n,sinisalo.freenode.net
Stiletto,themisto.blasux.ru,Sergey,niven.freenode.net
HedgeMage,unaffiliated/hedgemage,Susan Sons,rajaniemi.freenode.net
twitch153,gentoo/developer/twitch153,Devan Franchini,tepper.freenode.net
Tenhi,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,Kauan,sinisalo.freenode.net
wraeth,gentoo/developer/wraeth,wraeth,orwell.freenode.net
cilly,unaffiliated/cilly,cilly,verne.freenode.net
swegener,gentoo/developer/swegener,Sven Wegener <swegener@gentoo.org>,barjavel.freenode.net
satmd,unaffiliated/satmd,satmd,wilhelm.freenode.net
smaeul,97-64-215-195.client.mchsi.com,smaeul,orwell.freenode.net
oblikoamorale,pdpc/supporter/active/oblikoamorale,nein,wolfe.freenode.net
gotwf,unaffiliated/gotwf,gotwf,wilhelm.freenode.net
fus,dev.rozestwinski.com,Rafal,wolfe.freenode.net
igraltist,kasten-edv.de,Jens Kasten,orwell.freenode.net
[Arfrever],apache/committer/Arfrever,Arfrever Frehtes Taifersar Arahesis,niven.freenode.net
Karambol,unaffiliated/karambol,kiju,verne.freenode.net
parazyd,unaffiliated/parazyd,parazyd,wilhelm.freenode.net
FamousEccles,gentoo/developer/NeddySeagoon,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
mschiff,gentoo/developer/mschiff,Marc Schiffbauer,niven.freenode.net
Hazelesque,lopsa/member/hazelesque,Hazel,verne.freenode.net
jwacalex,captured-elf.dont-follow-me.eu,Alexander Böhm [jwacalex],weber.freenode.net
aggi,ipbcc019c9.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,realname,adams.freenode.net
m3tamantra,v22016103954139400.bestsrv.de,m3tamantra,hitchcock.freenode.net
N8Fear,p5DC5DF2B.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,n8fear,adams.freenode.net
godlike,unaffiliated/godlike,godlike,wilhelm.freenode.net
likewhoa,s2.maserver.com,Fernando Reyes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
doppo,2604:180::e0fc:a07f,doppo,karatkievich.freenode.net
sonjah,unaffiliated/sonjah,sonja,asimov.freenode.net
f1rebird,ente.hawo.stw.uni-erlangen.de,firebird,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ShoarAu,unaffiliated/shoarau,pi,wilhelm.freenode.net
corentin,unaffiliated/corentin,corentin,asimov.freenode.net
phaleon,unaffiliated/phaleon,phaleon,verne.freenode.net
James_T,2400:8901:e002::dead:face:b00c,James Taylor,niven.freenode.net
Azoff,c83-252-179-9.bredband.comhem.se,Torbjörn Svensson,leguin.freenode.net
Wizzup,a82-161-36-93.adsl.xs4all.nl,Merlijn Wajer,hitchcock.freenode.net
kang,rsbac/developer/kang,kang,wolfe.freenode.net
cerbmuc,ipbcc195f7.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,yourname,adams.freenode.net
Merlin,evendata.com,Merlin,orwell.freenode.net
Aph3x-WL,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe6e:5ed9,Aph3x,karatkievich.freenode.net
Zero_Chaos,gentoo/developer/pentoo/zerochaos,Sid Hayn,card.freenode.net
esainane,antihype.space,Epsilon.,wilhelm.freenode.net
gienah,gentoo/developer/gienah,mark wright,wolfe.freenode.net
john51,15255.s.t4vps.eu,John,sinisalo.freenode.net
nadio,unaffiliated/nadio,nadio,leguin.freenode.net
NeddySeagoon,gentoo/developer/NeddySeagoon,Neddy Seagoon,barjavel.freenode.net
blueness_,gentoo/developer/blueness,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
afics,unaffiliated/-x-/x-5730914,afics,card.freenode.net
HotSwap,unaffiliated/hotswap/x-1719459,hotswap,weber.freenode.net
obsed,unaffiliated/obesd,obsed,kornbluth.freenode.net
dustinm,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dustinm,weber.freenode.net
Madars,unaffiliated/madars,Madars,karatkievich.freenode.net
mva,gentoo/contributor/mva,Vadim A. Misbakh-Soloviov,card.freenode.net
lejonet,gentoo/developer/lejonet,Boogeyman,asimov.freenode.net
Janko,unaffiliated/janko,Jan,wilhelm.freenode.net
uen,p50840677.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,n/a,barjavel.freenode.net
RobbieAB,82-71-51-217.dsl.in-addr.zen.co.uk,RobbieAB,niven.freenode.net
mtthbfft,m4tt.rezel.net,mtthbfft,wolfe.freenode.net
mlaine,odin.sdf-eu.org,Mikko Laine,orwell.freenode.net
Chicago,unaffiliated/chicago,cjc,asimov.freenode.net
slyfox,gentoo/developer/slyfox,Sergei Trofimovich,wilhelm.freenode.net
gwaltodziej,s3.jeb.ie,ant,wolfe.freenode.net
Zorry,gentoo/developer/zorry,Magnus Granberg,sinisalo.freenode.net
l2cache,extropia.coredev.org.uk,cachedtl,sinisalo.freenode.net
acro,unaffiliated/acro,Ma Nu,tepper.freenode.net
r3g3x,unaffiliated/r3g3x,0ther,weber.freenode.net
Tommy[D]_,gentoo/developer/tommy,bnc,card.freenode.net
xiaomiao,gentoo/developer/bonsaikitten,Patrick Lauer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
csm,unaffiliated/ckx,ckx,verne.freenode.net
sbp,tea.infomesh.net,sbp,verne.freenode.net
Silly,104.236.92.80,Got ZNC?,asimov.freenode.net
Meta,unaffiliated/meta,null,karatkievich.freenode.net
relayer,bfnt/utility-bot/relayer,Free Relayer Service - #relayer,barjavel.freenode.net
Tenorman,1450xld.reboottheworld.net,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Bl4ckD34tH,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-srkplroyltitllhp,LayerBNC - At Your Fingertips!,rajaniemi.freenode.net
LegendaryQ,unaffiliated/legendaryq,fakename,karatkievich.freenode.net
monkeybox,c-98-243-254-99.hsd1.mi.comcast.net,Fred D,hitchcock.freenode.net
bucketm0use,unaffiliated/bucketm0use,no-user,asimov.freenode.net
`j,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-lqavjajxrzqusszx,bored,adams.freenode.net
BODpc,c-98-222-125-158.hsd1.in.comcast.net,ainnobodygottimefodat,leguin.freenode.net
VargaD,85-238-92-19.pool.digikabel.hu,Daniel Varga,barjavel.freenode.net
bigjay,vmd2975.contabo.host,jayson,asimov.freenode.net
knittl,unaffiliated/knittl,knittl,wolfe.freenode.net
fattrat,85.214.132.154,md,tepper.freenode.net
magnetik,unaffiliated/magnetik,Got ZNC?,barjavel.freenode.net
pico,stuff.picocom.net,pico,asimov.freenode.net
_Turf,h-164-51.a370.priv.bahnhof.se,Turf,barjavel.freenode.net
funky1,ip51cf100e.direct-adsl.nl,funky,barjavel.freenode.net
dwfreed,encoded/developer/dwfreed,dwfreed,card.freenode.net
SchrodingersScat,unaffiliated/schrodingersscat,SchrodingersScat,wolfe.freenode.net
Pici,ubuntu/member/pdpc.professional.pici,Benjamin Rubin,weber.freenode.net
ville_,fauxland.midworld.co.uk,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
eichiro,107.191.100.185,eichiro,card.freenode.net
ketas,200-62-46-176.dyn.estpak.ee,181.6GB U160-SCSI 68-pin 16MB cache 15000rpm,adams.freenode.net
lnxtx,lnxtx.name,Michal G.,wilhelm.freenode.net
RedW,89-74-189-236.dynamic.chello.pl,RedW,wilhelm.freenode.net
prime,unaffiliated/primex,prime,card.freenode.net
wubscale,63-249-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,wubscale,asimov.freenode.net
moffz0r,14-201-5-120.static.tpgi.com.au,moffz0r,niven.freenode.net
mordac,blowfish.protoc.org,mordac,karatkievich.freenode.net
irix,gnu/translator/irix,Abbas,adams.freenode.net
dtype,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-stzfcbyaomenfsfx,Drew Streib,adams.freenode.net
danar,botters/staff/adran,Adran Duran,verne.freenode.net
tanuki,68-200-133-146.res.bhn.net,Benjamin Geiger,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Xikeon_,198.211.127.82,Xikeon,adams.freenode.net
t00thpick1,74.119.219.146,Dan,karatkievich.freenode.net
Gizmokid2005,dedi2.gizmokid2005.com,Gizmokid2005,karatkievich.freenode.net
darkmage,li921-213.members.linode.com,darkmage,orwell.freenode.net
Aranel,unaffiliated/aranel,Aranel Surion,karatkievich.freenode.net
jenksy,unaffiliated/dijikul,dijikul,verne.freenode.net
TimWolla,2a01:4f8:120:21d3:1337:242:ac11:b,Tim Düsterhus,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Realmy,unaffiliated/realmy,Realmy,karatkievich.freenode.net
dindinx,unaffiliated/dindinx,DindinX,orwell.freenode.net
rs,unaffiliated/borsin,rs,asimov.freenode.net
Gabriel403,unaffiliated/gabbie,gabriel,orwell.freenode.net
rt,lykos/rt,While you're dying I'll be still alive~,verne.freenode.net
Jens,pdpc/supporter/active/Jens,Jens Rex,niven.freenode.net
Cypher-,62.210.180.249,Cypher-,orwell.freenode.net
Iciloo,unaffiliated/iciloo,Bush did 9/11,wolfe.freenode.net
basepi,basepi.net,Colton Myers,tepper.freenode.net
pijiu2,unaffiliated/pijiu,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
Darky,unaffiliated/darky,Darky,wilhelm.freenode.net
spiffytech,gateway/shell/ncsu/x-jbhdjfnlryosjbsm,spiffytech,asimov.freenode.net
shoup,45.63.76.107,Slick,leguin.freenode.net
Boohbah,gateway/shell/anapnea.net/x-spxioifmuquknfdd,Boohbah,tepper.freenode.net
dimian,178.62.156.52,dimian,hitchcock.freenode.net
sujeet,unaffiliated/freeboson,sujeet,orwell.freenode.net
Sarah,rebel.sarah.ninja,Sarah Day,orwell.freenode.net
Puffball,cm-dhcp-173-46-250-185.bloombroadband.com,Jason Hicks,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bl4ckscor3,vauff.me,bl4ck scor3,weber.freenode.net
ludjer,2a01:4f8:150:72d4::2,ok,adams.freenode.net
dclaw123,do.spectrage.com,Dclaw,wolfe.freenode.net
astropoint,163-172-10-212.rev.poneytelecom.eu,James,adams.freenode.net
lipek,lipek.pl,I fuck on the first date.,asimov.freenode.net
Bloonface,cpc76348-nrwh11-2-0-cust375.4-4.cable.virginm.net,Joe Baldwin,karatkievich.freenode.net
thebeaver,unaffiliated/thebeaver,jon,barjavel.freenode.net
jose,ubuntu/member/jose,José Antonio Rey,orwell.freenode.net
agrajag,galene.dead4cheap.com,agrajag,orwell.freenode.net
Tzic,hatshelter.com,Tzic,verne.freenode.net
jdb,unaffiliated/jdb,Jason Birch,orwell.freenode.net
max-m,2a01:4f8:120:21d3:1337:242:ac11:b,Maximilian,adams.freenode.net
Cameron_D_,192.241.210.101,Cameron,card.freenode.net
auscompgeek,firefox/community/auscompgeek,an Aussie computer geek,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Shayy,unaffiliated/shayy,Shayy,karatkievich.freenode.net
Klumben,elmo.stole-your.pw,you,wilhelm.freenode.net
soltys,soltys.info,co sie paczysz?!,card.freenode.net
ti,unaffiliated/ti,ti,wolfe.freenode.net
Lemelisk,unaffiliated/lemelisk,Lemelisk,sinisalo.freenode.net
ThePhoenix47,bravo.at.zsrv.pw,ThePhoenix47,leguin.freenode.net
delta_cephei,this.aint.nethub.fi,Henna N.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sjefen6,77.222.223.213,Vegard,card.freenode.net
asj,qt/asj,andrew sj,orwell.freenode.net
Anaxyn,bfnt/utility-bot/anaxyn,Anaxyn,wilhelm.freenode.net
shadik,cicolina.org,Shade,orwell.freenode.net
bairyn,unaffiliated/bob0,Byron Johnson,orwell.freenode.net
Ankhers,unaffiliated/ankhers,Ankhers,weber.freenode.net
dthree,unaffiliated/dthree,Daniel,card.freenode.net
Yohan,bfnt/member/zoddo,Please contact me on my main nickname: Zoddo,niven.freenode.net
stux|work,37.48.121.205,stux,wilhelm.freenode.net
hannesenator,h-4-148-124.a163.priv.bahnhof.se,hannesenator,karatkievich.freenode.net
WereSquirrel,trivialand/staff/toagac,Heidi,niven.freenode.net
sloof|irpg,cramer.kenweb.org,sloof|irpg,card.freenode.net
Pricey,2001:8b0:27b:8b20:ba27:ebff:feca:cef4,pricechilde,rajaniemi.freenode.net
godog,debian/developer/filippo,Filippo Giunchedi 0x99D49B6B00CAD1E5,adams.freenode.net
Mirc0p,164.157.50.60.brk01-home.tm.net.my,(Official #MircOp Bot) Socket Version,roddenberry.freenode.net
Herb_Tarlek,104.245.34.24,FN_Herb,weber.freenode.net
DanYELL,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-axgwlvjtbehwxmze,danielle dunker,leguin.freenode.net
Babar,c-73-158-189-70.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Olivier Raginel,karatkievich.freenode.net
elf,unaffiliated/elf,realname,roddenberry.freenode.net
Mithkabob,unaffiliated/mithkabob,mithkabob,niven.freenode.net
Killerkid,unaffiliated/killerkid,Killerkid,rajaniemi.freenode.net
SirNeo,2a01:4020:1:7::2,SirNeo,adams.freenode.net
V`ger,unaffiliated/vger/x-1047171,V`ger,wolfe.freenode.net
ggreer,unaffiliated/angryparsley,Geoff Greer,tepper.freenode.net
Charris,custardpie.awkwardcake.net,Lotta Söderholm,wolfe.freenode.net
Kussie,ec2-54-243-46-153.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Ben,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Hogofwar,irc.pont.in,Daniel,asimov.freenode.net
slowriot,borealis.voxelstorm.com,slowriot,orwell.freenode.net
bete_noire,m81.owfg.com,realname,tepper.freenode.net
Lenny_,first.blesmrt.net,Lenny2,sinisalo.freenode.net
PiMp0r,107.155.70.209,larry C Flynt,karatkievich.freenode.net
kork,rooty.uni-boeblingen.de,Marco G.,wilhelm.freenode.net
mwhahaha,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nkicgkrshbhvgxhd,Alex S,adams.freenode.net
babilen,unaffiliated/babilen,Wolodja Wentland,weber.freenode.net
okket,pdpc/supporter/active/otimm,Okke Timm,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kephael,unaffiliated/kephael,PersonalJ,orwell.freenode.net
tratos,cybxq.com,tratos,karatkievich.freenode.net
shida,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eenlavhwiwsrpjia,shida,karatkievich.freenode.net
reillyeon,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fvdplxnrfyvsaxxd,Reilly Grant,adams.freenode.net
tronner,unaffiliated/p4/bot/tronner,crazy tronner,wolfe.freenode.net
miceiken,clusterbrain.net,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
pfoley,unaffiliated/pfoley,peter,niven.freenode.net
kier,cpc72373-sotn14-2-0-cust787.15-1.cable.virginm.net,Kier,wilhelm.freenode.net
paws,unaffiliated/paws,paws,hitchcock.freenode.net
uaides,ec2-52-54-78-152.compute-1.amazonaws.com,realname,orwell.freenode.net
Ubiq,zermelo.uvt.nl,Wessel Dankers,wolfe.freenode.net
Gatewayy,pdpc/supporter/active/gatewayy,Gatewayy,hitchcock.freenode.net
brycec,unaffiliated/cobryce,Bryce C,leguin.freenode.net
wlp1s1,unaffiliated/iczero,iczero,rajaniemi.freenode.net
blind,unaffiliated/blind,blind,adams.freenode.net
VoidFox,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-mhlsyjjnprehgrgt,VoidFox,niven.freenode.net
allo,krylovsub.space,Thomas A. Anderson,weber.freenode.net
XenGi,c-base/crew/XeN,XenGi,adams.freenode.net
Petri152,petritrebs.ca,Petri Trebilcock,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mthw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zdtvmqwuoemhunon,nude sex dude,rajaniemi.freenode.net
RobShad,unaffiliated/grrmode,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
DSLegends,blk-224-208-3.eastlink.ca,huggettm,karatkievich.freenode.net
AleksiejLublov,nekomimi.pl,samus,asimov.freenode.net
vrillusions,wakka.vrillusions.com,Todd,weber.freenode.net
GuestX_123,shell.bshellz.net,GuestX,wolfe.freenode.net
Xenthys,bfnt/staff/botters.xenthys,Dylan Ysmal,card.freenode.net
Tharbakim,S0106b8a38656fe2c.vf.shawcable.net,Tharbakim,verne.freenode.net
Cysioland,2001:bc8:4400:2300::13:607,Cysioland,wolfe.freenode.net
droogie,mgs.droogie.net,droogie,sinisalo.freenode.net
dyreshark,138.68.21.213,george,verne.freenode.net
nfsnobody,unaffiliated/nfsnobody,nfsnobody,roddenberry.freenode.net
RBecker,openvpn/user/RBecker,Ryan B.,card.freenode.net
Everyman,m81.owfg.com,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
holloway,unaffiliated/holloway,holloway,adams.freenode.net
illuminata,2604:a880:800:10::68c:1001,illuminata,wolfe.freenode.net
betheynyx,45.63.76.107,Public key was not set,wilhelm.freenode.net
Gearoto,rrcs-72-43-138-92.nyc.biz.rr.com,realname,weber.freenode.net
kensington,gentoo/developer/kensington,kensington,roddenberry.freenode.net
aarontc,2001:470:e893::1:1,aarontc,rajaniemi.freenode.net
vox,unaffiliated/vox,what what?,barjavel.freenode.net
zbart,unaffiliated/zbart,zbart,adams.freenode.net
MadMan,menek.one.pl,Damian Karwot,wolfe.freenode.net
Setsu,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-uiiploixyouvwblu,LayerBNC - At Your Fingertips!,sinisalo.freenode.net
DrDaemonEye,unaffiliated/daemoneye,daemoneye,weber.freenode.net
seek^126,diecru.eu,seek :D,kornbluth.freenode.net
Avon,unaffiliated/avon,Avon,wolfe.freenode.net
himuraken_,65.87.199.142,himuraken,wolfe.freenode.net
yano,freenode/staff-emeritus/yano,my idle time is a lie,card.freenode.net
unikitty,2604:180:0:ca::e254,Brenna,wolfe.freenode.net
Fearful,gateway/shell/anapnea.net/x-scaqgonhstpjbnnx,Warlord,weber.freenode.net
sartan,unaffiliated/sartan,sartan,adams.freenode.net
ajmarks,unaffiliated/ajmarks,ajmarks,asimov.freenode.net
shymega,2001:ba8:1f1:f082:216:5eff:fe00:45a,shymega,karatkievich.freenode.net
Lt_Lemming,128.199.211.147,Got ZNC?,verne.freenode.net
OrangeTide,unaffiliated/orangetide,orange,barjavel.freenode.net
Yawgmoth,gruss.cc,Yawgmoth,verne.freenode.net
Hemera,unaffiliated/hemera,Hemera,leguin.freenode.net
Shayanjm,shayanmohanty.com,Shayan Mohanty,hitchcock.freenode.net
lojjik,wikihow/Lojjik,Lojjik Braughler,asimov.freenode.net
Tricha,unaffiliated/cain,D-Boy iRPG,adams.freenode.net
Bladerunner,2604:180:1:706:0:1ced:c0:ffee,Bladerunner,karatkievich.freenode.net
rxcomm,mick.eng.uiowa.edu,rxcomm,leguin.freenode.net
Endust,unaffiliated/endust,kenen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Jareeta,mint-square.mit.edu,Sexymuffin,hitchcock.freenode.net
chezmax,no.pants.today,Max,card.freenode.net
Carnal,techcavern/member/fudster,Fudster,adams.freenode.net
Guest11427,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iwiafmfggynfpwek,RedXIII,karatkievich.freenode.net
Bahhumbug,serentos/admin/jrd,5John R. Dennison,hitchcock.freenode.net
shah,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-hbwbcocbzszdqvfb,shah linux,karatkievich.freenode.net
MetaNova,unaffiliated/metanova,zero-one,wolfe.freenode.net
nhandler,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.nhandler,Nathan Handler,karatkievich.freenode.net
TauPan,dudelab.org,Friedrich Delgado,wilhelm.freenode.net
neunon,unaffiliated/neunon,Steven Noonan,card.freenode.net
yasdorian\splat,nikita.tnnet.fi,s-vektori,card.freenode.net
fangfufu,2001:41d0:a:2233::1,Fufu Fang,adams.freenode.net
JeDa,codebottle.io/user/jeda,Jesús Hernández,hitchcock.freenode.net
kenyon,darwin.kenyonralph.com,Kenyon Ralph,roddenberry.freenode.net
GilbertErik,c-73-0-228-135.hsd1.fl.comcast.net,Gilbert Erik,asimov.freenode.net
some_weirdo,bnc.stormbit.net,Some Weirdo,verne.freenode.net
Heavylobster,dsl-hkibrasgw2-58c368-2.dhcp.inet.fi,Heavy Lobster,rajaniemi.freenode.net
stonehammer,66.43.26.1,Reed Wilson,karatkievich.freenode.net
devjunk,devjunk.org,Oh brother...,karatkievich.freenode.net
Globalirc,zchat.org,11100010011,asimov.freenode.net
steve81,10-81-3-27.ppp.fastcable.biz,Steve Eightyone,wilhelm.freenode.net
alyphen,znc.seventh-root.com,alyphen,barjavel.freenode.net
suteri,a88-113-136-15.elisa-laajakaista.fi,Santeri Ukonaho,karatkievich.freenode.net
pdgwien,static.88-198-194-86.clients.your-server.de,pdg,wolfe.freenode.net
`Sundance,173-17-182-82.client.mchsi.com,Sun Dance,leguin.freenode.net
Scarp,2001:470:1d:391::1,none,wolfe.freenode.net
chevroletsilvera,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iagpvgyrstdelhqa,sega,adams.freenode.net
Birdbones,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kvdaiukrmbnqgjgt,Duncan Beevers,adams.freenode.net
h00k,ubuntu/member/h00k,h00k,card.freenode.net
liviud,pho.ldcore.com,Liviu,niven.freenode.net
pixelate,139.193.6.157,pixelate,orwell.freenode.net
elbie,baka.trig.net,Christopher Calzonetti,asimov.freenode.net
HickorySmokedBac,unaffiliated/hickorysmokedbac,When Breakfast Happens,adams.freenode.net
gycklarn,virtue.v-servers.se,Stefan Persson,weber.freenode.net
mr-rich,c-50-187-161-112.hsd1.ct.comcast.net,KVIrc 4.0.1 'Insomnia' http://kvirc.net/,barjavel.freenode.net
I_am_not_me,wikipedia/inclusivedisjunction,Jordan,niven.freenode.net
NotArrow,unaffiliated/notarrow,Ricewind,adams.freenode.net
artgoeshere,104.236.10.154,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
Smiley,last.fm/resident-dj/Smiley,Smiley,wolfe.freenode.net
jimmydorry,unaffiliated/jimmydorry,jimmydorry,card.freenode.net
nepochal,unaffiliated/nepochal,Michael Scholz,niven.freenode.net
noother,unaffiliated/noother,noother,adams.freenode.net
SporkWitch,unaffiliated/sporkwitch,Spork Witch,wilhelm.freenode.net
shandor_,c-98-243-254-99.hsd1.mi.comcast.net,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
theemstra,rob.pl2.nl,Thom,tepper.freenode.net
lramsay,unaffiliated/lramsay,lramsay,roddenberry.freenode.net
VegaDark,wikia/vstf/countervandalism.user.VegaDark,This is VegaDark,leguin.freenode.net
jstg,unaffiliated/jstg,jstg,wolfe.freenode.net
Frogging101-chan,kitsune.fastquake.com,John Brooks - http://www.fastquake.com/,asimov.freenode.net
zokko,unaffiliated/zokko,kpiarz, wieczny cwaniak; warszawiak.,tepper.freenode.net
azl,unaffiliated/azl,irc,sinisalo.freenode.net
IndigoTiger,sahara.sigint.pw,Bradley Shaw,wolfe.freenode.net
MrGlass,unaffiliated/mrglass,Mr. Glass,adams.freenode.net
Hasefroch,unaffiliated/sud0,Bruno,barjavel.freenode.net
SpacyTime,codebottle.io/user/jeda,Jesús Hernández,verne.freenode.net
Kinsmir,beta.kinsmir.com,Kinsmir,orwell.freenode.net
GateKeeper,serentos/support/bot,GateKeeper,leguin.freenode.net
raekuul,cpe-184-54-23-155.swo.res.rr.com,Pokota,karatkievich.freenode.net
Bkid,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sjwvdqckmetemxur,Bkid,wolfe.freenode.net
acsid_,cowking.00stack.in,acsid@00stack.in INDIE DEV,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MJ94,wikimedia/mj94,MJ94_,sinisalo.freenode.net
tych0,162.243.9.74,Tycho Andersen,wilhelm.freenode.net
ovf,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kopadircehasqufg,Oleg Finkelshteyn,wilhelm.freenode.net
cjdaniel,succexy.com,Chris Daniel,adams.freenode.net
IdleBot,serentos/support/bot,Freenode Classic IdleRPG,niven.freenode.net
d34th,unaffiliated/d34th,d34th,niven.freenode.net
vBm,unaffiliated/vbm,vBm aka omiZ,tepper.freenode.net
IriTheEerie,65.60.18.110,Iri,orwell.freenode.net
Guest75980,2a01:6e60:10:15cb::1,mateusz,leguin.freenode.net
kabayan,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-teoztwrrrtcoyjyf,karuhun,karatkievich.freenode.net
zaleb,ip-80-113-17-66.ip.prioritytelecom.net,Ale Bles,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Igglybuff,46.101.62.129,Igglybuff,weber.freenode.net
Piotrek,wiktionary/PiotrekD,Piotr Doroszewski,wolfe.freenode.net
simcop2387,p3m/member/simcop2387,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
sasaniak,adya.cz,zlo,verne.freenode.net
am0nrahx,unaffiliated/am0nrahx,am0nrahx,sinisalo.freenode.net
colints,185.21.218.140,fn-colints,hitchcock.freenode.net
xxv,2001:4830:121::2:3,Steve Pomeroy,wolfe.freenode.net
Asara,unaffiliated/asara,Asara,verne.freenode.net
gazarsgo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ubgnlmhpywtgfpbu,Ralph Tice,wilhelm.freenode.net
J-E-L-L-O,104.223.82.43,Real Name,adams.freenode.net
Ven,unaffiliated/venaax,v3n44x,leguin.freenode.net
idleelf,unaffiliated/elf,even a small dose can result in spasmodic amnesia,roddenberry.freenode.net
maaarghk,es3.earthshine.it,mark,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ruan,unaffiliated/ruan,ruan,wilhelm.freenode.net
eva42,unaffiliated/eva42,eva42,wilhelm.freenode.net
simple,eggdrop/alumni/simple,skralg,asimov.freenode.net
ryushe,2600:3c00:e000:130::face,Your mother,karatkievich.freenode.net
bootdisk,unaffiliated/bootdisk,Who Cares,wolfe.freenode.net
zrts,unaffiliated/zrts,93!,barjavel.freenode.net
dzen,lucile.litchis.org,Demotivated Zone of Entropy and Neutrality,wilhelm.freenode.net
tmberg,unaffiliated/tmberg,tmberg,wolfe.freenode.net
Nothing4You,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
brendan,zakopane.cs.ubc.ca,Brendan Cully,wolfe.freenode.net
trogdor,alchemist.dopp.net,Trogdor the BURNINATOR,adams.freenode.net
Venusaur,wikipedia/Antonio-Lopez,ndsdjs,tepper.freenode.net
SN4T14,2a00:d880:5:13e::579a,SN4T14,niven.freenode.net
unicron,unaffiliated/unicron,unicron,asimov.freenode.net
wilsonfisk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oeeppgeapkyiziiq,Wilson Fisk,wilhelm.freenode.net
Tortoise,unaffiliated/tortoise,ezp,barjavel.freenode.net
qedx,pdpc/supporter/professional/qedx,qedx,wolfe.freenode.net
spillere,unaffiliated/spillere,Got milk?!,karatkievich.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
prattmic,2604:a880:800:10::467:4001,prattmic,sinisalo.freenode.net
sjums,hurtig.ninja,Alex,niven.freenode.net
abra0,unaffiliated/abra0,abra_abra,kornbluth.freenode.net
abra3,abra.me,abra3,kornbluth.freenode.net
akraut,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ifejkexgwdqgmppp,Andrew Kraut,wilhelm.freenode.net
cirdan,c-50-182-36-207.hsd1.nj.comcast.net,Chris,barjavel.freenode.net
ilk,unaffiliated/ilk,Got root?,sinisalo.freenode.net
NeverTired,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gzjmferqpzagcsmj,John A.,niven.freenode.net
mburns,rialto.mirwin.net,mburns,asimov.freenode.net
doubledutch,unaffiliated/doubledutch,r.r.hizal,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Onceuponaban,bfnt/member/onceuponaban,Antoine Berenguer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
eclipse,zirc/eclipse,why does somebody not know how to flush the toilet,tepper.freenode.net
CornFly,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qowanbnlxxdssyjg,CornFly,wolfe.freenode.net
oooooooo,oooooooooooooo.ooo,oooooooo,card.freenode.net
Wyverna,cicolina.org,Lucka,card.freenode.net
fragtastic,wontstoptouching.me,Herp derp I'm a chalupa!,card.freenode.net
Guest19464,2001:470:bbc9::2,12,04 ★ RoboCop ★ 04,12 At Your Service ★,karatkievich.freenode.net
KeboDK,2a04:1980:3100:1aab:290:faff:fe70:a3dc,KeboDK,adams.freenode.net
XJR-9,pdpc/supporter/active/xjr-9,XJR-9,wolfe.freenode.net
James_T,2400:8901:e002::dead:face:b00c,James Taylor,niven.freenode.net
hawk,d.qw.se,hawk,orwell.freenode.net
archlich_,vps.archli.ch,simon,wolfe.freenode.net
Syloq,unaffiliated/syloq,Syloq,hitchcock.freenode.net
Walliski,unaffiliated/walliski,Walliski's realname,asimov.freenode.net
Zhoriel,this.aint.nethub.fi,Olli M�ntyl�,rajaniemi.freenode.net
grant050,101.176.61.187,Unknown,roddenberry.freenode.net
rharwood,nat/redhat/x-rrokmgsbmgxyymvn,Robbie Harwood,leguin.freenode.net
blusmurf,cryptography.encrypted.my,Vault of Glass,orwell.freenode.net
canton7,about/csharp/regular/canton7,canton7,niven.freenode.net
arlen,unaffiliated/arlen,arlen,wolfe.freenode.net
pekster,openvpn/community/developer/pekster,Toaster,barjavel.freenode.net
Sixbierehomme,dindinx.net,Sixbierehomme,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zid`,cpc88862-pete11-2-0-cust721.4-4.cable.virginm.net,zid,wolfe.freenode.net
Ladon,lucl.in,shadowknight,orwell.freenode.net
andries,unaffiliated/zsasz,apb,wilhelm.freenode.net
pkuz,unaffiliated/pkuz,PK of UZ,weber.freenode.net
Rickster,2001:41d0:a:f789::1,Rick,sinisalo.freenode.net
bigbluehat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-skewvceaclsgzyxr,BigBlueHat,barjavel.freenode.net
Hydrogenum,about/security/staff/Hydrogenum,Damian Menscher,hitchcock.freenode.net
bete,m81.owfg.com,David Fuchs,tepper.freenode.net
cenhinen_,unaffiliated/cenhinen,You have lost the game,orwell.freenode.net
PlasmaStar,unaffiliated/plasmastar,Jamie,hitchcock.freenode.net
evrial,unaffiliated/evrial,evrial,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChucklesTheBeard,chucklesthebeard.website,Andrew Smith,weber.freenode.net
chen,relay.bannerfree.net,Chen,wolfe.freenode.net
Xethron,unaffiliated/xethron,Xethron,niven.freenode.net
everbrew,ec2-52-39-31-52.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,everbrew,leguin.freenode.net
isis,abulafia.patternsinthevoid.net,isis,adams.freenode.net
damyan^,mail.0x4711.org,Damyan Yordanov,adams.freenode.net
robflop,megumin.love,Cool Guy,card.freenode.net
Virtual,192.184.93.10,Life is real.,barjavel.freenode.net
WizardGed,unaffiliated/wizardged,Quit Being Nosy,karatkievich.freenode.net
Levivig,the.flying.dutchman.panicbnc.net,Levivig,wolfe.freenode.net
merced,unaffiliated/merced,merced,tepper.freenode.net
D-NICE,2a01:7c8:aab2:1d:5054:ff:fe8e:14b,D-NICE,adams.freenode.net
dub,unaffiliated/dub,dub,hitchcock.freenode.net
Douhet,unaffiliated/douhet,Douhet,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Elwell,freenode/staff-emeritus/elwell,Andrew,wolfe.freenode.net
Firien,unaffiliated/firien,Pete,wolfe.freenode.net
tspange,irc.zannie.co.uk,Tanis,sinisalo.freenode.net
Zibo,anarxi.st,Zibo,asimov.freenode.net
franckbenoit,62-210-243-167.rev.poneytelecom.eu,franckbenoit,karatkievich.freenode.net
dxrt,unaffiliated/dxrt,dxrt,card.freenode.net
jbhannah,tornadus.jbhannah.net,Jesse B. Hannah,adams.freenode.net
sactage,april-fools/2014/second/cute.furry,furry,wilhelm.freenode.net
needle,unaffiliated/needle,Got ZSH?,karatkievich.freenode.net
harleypig,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dotfkshselffrhdk,Harley Pig,wilhelm.freenode.net
Riannon,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-exhticjfwzkawkvu,Riannon,adams.freenode.net
niska`,68.ip-149-56-14.net,niska,tepper.freenode.net
streety,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:feae:ded6,Jonathan Street,niven.freenode.net
Orpheon,213.200.193.129,realname,leguin.freenode.net
MetricsFan,173-11-122-217-SFBA.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,MetricsFan,weber.freenode.net
ThomasEgi,panda3d/ThomasEgi,Thomas Egi,orwell.freenode.net
kanzure,unaffiliated/kanzure,Bryan Bishop,weber.freenode.net
trqx,61.ip-164-132-54.eu,tx,rajaniemi.freenode.net
t4c05,c-67-174-62-96.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,...,orwell.freenode.net
jhwjave,109.201.154.250,bnvap4,sinisalo.freenode.net
nildicit,unaffiliated/nildicit,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Therm0ptic,173-22-162-7.client.mchsi.com,Therm0ptic,hitchcock.freenode.net
frainfreeze,gateway/shell/firrre/x-szvitbjuvvqcemmo,Tomislav,adams.freenode.net
uksio,p20030069AF37E543645919780E7367E7.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,uxio,wilhelm.freenode.net
lexik,2a01:430:17:1::ffff:1298,lexik,adams.freenode.net
CitrusBolt,104.131.109.90,zac,karatkievich.freenode.net
butth0le,ec2-54-165-131-18.compute-1.amazonaws.com,User H0le,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Dumuzi,Dont.Blink.PanicBNC.org,Dumuzi,wilhelm.freenode.net
c00p3r,aha/c00p3r,c00p3r,leguin.freenode.net
night,unaffiliated/adifex,Adifex,weber.freenode.net
Kim,rummik.com,Tivruskii,card.freenode.net
tuzxpord,S010614dae99978ea.wp.shawcable.net,realname,orwell.freenode.net
nnnn20430,lightning.bouncer.ml,nnnn,adams.freenode.net
aedla,c21-76.uvn.zone.eu,J�ri Aedla,barjavel.freenode.net
LordRyan,ny1.hashbang.sh,ryan,tepper.freenode.net
Qo_T,75-142-127-6.static.mtpk.ca.charter.com,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
Nugs,unaffiliated/stoned/bot/nugs,/join ##stoned,niven.freenode.net
__mz_o,68.232.180.123,drop_shot,tepper.freenode.net
archels_,toad.stack.nl,neuralnet,hitchcock.freenode.net
drewbot,ec2-54-144-20-156.compute-1.amazonaws.com,cinch,verne.freenode.net
Jenda`,dekatron.hrach.eu,Astar Seran,weber.freenode.net
Vicarious,CAcert/Vicarious,Everything that has a beginning, has an end..,karatkievich.freenode.net
cloudcell_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-diiyzdfvwwwrrlwq,cloudcell,adams.freenode.net
Tojil,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-lqgovtdizmnoxvat,Tojil,wolfe.freenode.net
s-ol,xray667.startdedicated.de,s-ol,asimov.freenode.net
Sinclair6,108-75-18-87.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net,Sinclair6,wilhelm.freenode.net
kants,unaffiliated/kants,kants,barjavel.freenode.net
cluckj,pool-173-49-237-221.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,jon,tepper.freenode.net
aiwl,anon-52-24.vpn.ipredator.se,aiwl,karatkievich.freenode.net
meepmeep22,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ejwyjamhlwdwhuqk,Derp,adams.freenode.net
gde33,546A1876.cm-12-3a.dynamic.ziggo.nl,0,wolfe.freenode.net
WizJin,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-wdmakfakfpvvoiha,WizJin,karatkievich.freenode.net
axlshear,fsociety.pwnz.org,axlshear,weber.freenode.net
poohbear,unaffiliated/tigger,poohbear,weber.freenode.net
T0m4,ns3020550.ip-149-202-85.eu,T.X.Y.,wolfe.freenode.net
diethyl,71.88.68.129,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
t^,privat-54178294.gavlenet.com,...,verne.freenode.net
carnivore_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jheoxwdbdznhjxfj,carnivore,wolfe.freenode.net
vflyson,cupcake.uberspace.net,vflyson,sinisalo.freenode.net
pi--,cpc69129-oxfd25-2-0-cust987.4-3.cable.virginm.net,pi,asimov.freenode.net
vikraman,gentoo/developer/vikraman,Vikraman,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Douhet,unaffiliated/douhet,Douhet,rajaniemi.freenode.net
LennyKitty,unaffiliated/lennykitty,Lenin Cat,karatkievich.freenode.net
Malvolio,unaffiliated/malvolio,Malvolio,tepper.freenode.net
brutus,108.61.164.217,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
aod,kewlnet.tk,aod,niven.freenode.net
jmgltz,173-16-117-92.client.mchsi.com,jmgltz,orwell.freenode.net
fullstack,unaffiliated/fullstack,fs,karatkievich.freenode.net
Darki,unaffiliated/darki,CR,verne.freenode.net
asbruvik,saruman.uio.no,asbruvik[abruvik@ulrik.uio.no],wolfe.freenode.net
marczak,169.116.255.173.bc.googleusercontent.com,marczak,asimov.freenode.net
salajander,251.153.251.23.bc.googleusercontent.com,Clay Caviness,asimov.freenode.net
Meistarin,unaffiliated/meistarin,"Got,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
gko,2400:8900::f03c:91ff:fe70:e605,gko,leguin.freenode.net
carnivore_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jheoxwdbdznhjxfj,carnivore,wolfe.freenode.net
azcobain,128.199.243.157,azcobain,roddenberry.freenode.net
JanC,lugwv/member/JanC,Jan Claeys,hitchcock.freenode.net
CornFly,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qowanbnlxxdssyjg,CornFly,wolfe.freenode.net
_AleX_,2a03:7220:8081:ad01:215:e9ff:feda:6652,Alexandre GUY,sinisalo.freenode.net
guerby,april/board/guerby,Laurent GUERBY,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
georgeowell,unaffiliated/georgeowell,dimension,adams.freenode.net
chrisc,proxy.webarch.net,chris,leguin.freenode.net
KateD,apple.rat.burntout.org,No Name,adams.freenode.net
mattl,gnu/mattl,Matt Lee,rajaniemi.freenode.net
edds_axe,darkpeak.org,Dark Peak ZNC User,adams.freenode.net
robmyers,gnu/social/robmyers,robcc,adams.freenode.net
lupine,unaffiliated/lupine-85/x-7392152,Nick Thomas,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
lauren,python/site-packages/lahwran,lahwran,weber.freenode.net
Regex_,2601:1c0:8501:d159:493:529e:1682:3a7e,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Afforess,afforess.com,Alice In Wonderland,wolfe.freenode.net
c0rw1n,0.38-244-81.adsl-dyn.isp.belgacom.be,corwindev,verne.freenode.net
kuudes,62-183-155-109.bb.dnainternet.fi,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
saturn2,unaffiliated/clone-of-saturn/x-2509460,Through the waves of lies,leguin.freenode.net
CheckDavid,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kmbxlgonedvixtet,David,karatkievich.freenode.net
SunDwarf,WiseOS/Founder/Eyes,Sun,orwell.freenode.net
Cheaterman,unaffiliated/cheaterman,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
agronholm,2a00-1190-c00e-0001-021f-d0ff-fead-d185.v6.cust.suomicom.net,Alex Grönholm,wolfe.freenode.net
lazybear,radium.atom.fi,lazybear,asimov.freenode.net
CryingCyclops,ec2-54-187-212-117.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,CryingCyclops,wilhelm.freenode.net
dowwie,unaffiliated/dowwie,Dowwie,card.freenode.net
Snif_,vds1283.sivit.org,Snif,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Bram,139.163-240-81.adsl-dyn.isp.belgacom.be,psycojoker,wolfe.freenode.net
sbadia,marcellin.sebian.fr,Seb,verne.freenode.net
mat_,freebsd/developer/mat,Mathieu Arnold,barjavel.freenode.net
taziden,flexiden.org,taziden,barjavel.freenode.net
guerby,april/board/guerby,Laurent GUERBY,sinisalo.freenode.net
spredzy,mail.yanisguenane.fr,Y. Guenane,weber.freenode.net
gapz,stuff.dunnewind.net,az,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lotusbleu,LPuteaux-656-1-228-224.w80-12.abo.wanadoo.fr,Lotusbleu,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lafouine,nor87-1-88-167-24-67.fbx.proxad.net,lafouine,wilhelm.freenode.net
maethor,thanos.subiron.org,Guillaume Subiron,orwell.freenode.net
Spyou`,vm1.spyou.org,Spyou,adams.freenode.net
gtom,gtom.eu,Thomas,asimov.freenode.net
Pi3rrot,unaffiliated/pi3rrot,Pi3rrot,weber.freenode.net
julm,chomsky.autogeree.net,.,wolfe.freenode.net
agarwaen,deckard.agarwaen.net,Agarwaen,barjavel.freenode.net
deuzeffe,hermes.deuzeffe.org,47,wilhelm.freenode.net
dotfolios,unaffiliated/dotfolios,dotfolios,adams.freenode.net
Rockweb,94.75.219.38,Rockweb,asimov.freenode.net
eXtremo,unaffiliated/extremo,eXtremo,asimov.freenode.net
johtso,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-erfkosglvevinqpl,Johannes,wilhelm.freenode.net
cave,77.116.175.243.wireless.dyn.drei.com,cave,kornbluth.freenode.net
synflood,unaffiliated/synflood,synflood,wilhelm.freenode.net
kelvan,merlin1991.at,,,,,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rootsradics,2a01:e34:ecd2:4c90:ba27:ebff:fe04:168a,Mr Robot,wilhelm.freenode.net
Ditti,2a03:4000:6:811a:dead:beef:cafe:babe,Rico,leguin.freenode.net
timer,unaffiliated/timer,Timer,niven.freenode.net
twiddern,unaffiliated/twiddern,thatisnotmyname,weber.freenode.net
Nothing4You,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
ariver,bouncy.runsthruit.com,Aaron River,barjavel.freenode.net
osx,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-pgwjhgioqopoayhl,Vanuatu,wilhelm.freenode.net
janus,bnc.animux.de,Markus,wolfe.freenode.net
markus_e92,91-115-223-29.adsl.highway.telekom.at,markus_e92,weber.freenode.net
Zerant,5.196.237.209,Zerant,wilhelm.freenode.net
dano5,123.109-247-22.customer.lyse.net,Got ZNC?,leguin.freenode.net
kalla|afk,quityourbitch.in,kallawummba,verne.freenode.net
harrow,68.ip-149-56-14.net,harrow,weber.freenode.net
Martin`,shell.ipv6.octocore.net,Martin,leguin.freenode.net
Gottaname,202.166.73.129,Gottaname,wolfe.freenode.net
riotz,unaffiliated/riotz,.,kornbluth.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
dfgg,195-154-165-176.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Damian K,tepper.freenode.net
TekMason,gateway/web/freenode/ip.24.235.44.26,blk-24-235-44-26.eastlink.ca/24.235.44.26,herbert.freenode.net
Deacydal,unaffiliated/deacyde,Notsure,wilhelm.freenode.net
xeal,2001:19f0:5:4b:5400:ff:fe37:a17d,xeal,wolfe.freenode.net
redeeman,astra2437.server4you.net,redeeman,kornbluth.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
joecool|mobile,no-sources/joecool,Joe,adams.freenode.net
linuxboy_,46.101.28.199,anon,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Seveas,seveas.net,Dennis Kaarsemaker,niven.freenode.net
itsmemattchung_,107.170.105.98,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
sigmavirus24,unaffiliated/sigmavirus24,Ian,sinisalo.freenode.net
hive-mind,67.53.153.59,hivemind,karatkievich.freenode.net
odish,brambi.net,odi,orwell.freenode.net
alphageek,2001:984:3fd1:1:223:8bff:fe87:d180,Erik Jan Tromp,wolfe.freenode.net
dmr,fsf/member/dmr,David Matthew Rolek (Dave),wolfe.freenode.net
OxOO,unaffiliated/0x00/x-2817549,OxOO,leguin.freenode.net
JackWinter,vodsl-5055.vo.lu,Jack Winter,tepper.freenode.net
barteks2x,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-fnuzszvgqdghfgmz,barteks2x,adams.freenode.net
IdleGandalf,harting.hosting,-,adams.freenode.net
poz2k4444,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ahgyjqwsxhwgsjmd,Francisco Lopez,wolfe.freenode.net
halorgium,ceramic.spork.in,halorgium,wilhelm.freenode.net
hagabaka,unaffiliated/hagabaka,hagabaka,wilhelm.freenode.net
mva,gentoo/contributor/mva,Vadim A. Misbakh-Soloviov,card.freenode.net
SolarAquarion,the.feds.nullrouted.us,Mechanical Angel Aquarion,karatkievich.freenode.net
heftig,archlinux/developer/heftig,Jan Steffens,adams.freenode.net
ri4naire,rrcs-108-169-145-219.midsouth.biz.rr.com,ri4naire,weber.freenode.net
vincent_c,vcheng.org,Vincent Cheng,weber.freenode.net
wyre,gateway/shell/xshellz/x-qlnvdbuwxungrpfs,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
LostSoul,78-11-228-60.static.ip.netia.com.pl,LostSoul,wilhelm.freenode.net
ArchieT,exidia.platinum.edu.pl,Michał Krzysztof Feiler,weber.freenode.net
nibbler_,geekbox.info,sven,,,,weber.freenode.net
harrow,68.ip-149-56-14.net,harrow,weber.freenode.net
Artox,79.124.7.87,Artox,asimov.freenode.net
PhonicUK,pdpc/supporter/student/phonicuk,PhonicUK,asimov.freenode.net
spacepluk,ec2-50-19-126-100.compute-1.amazonaws.com,spacepluk-freenode,rajaniemi.freenode.net
godlike,unaffiliated/godlike,godlike,wilhelm.freenode.net
pchoo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cmxmpkvsdxwhymzg,boop,wilhelm.freenode.net
Eadaro,2a03:b0c0:0:1010::423:b001,Eadaro,niven.freenode.net
doebi,doebian.at,user,weber.freenode.net
tumdedum,unaffiliated/espiral,tum-de-dum,card.freenode.net
Lekensteyn,arpi.lekensteyn.nl,Peter Wu,sinisalo.freenode.net
joeythesaint,vegas.deserted.net,Joe MacDonald,rajaniemi.freenode.net
xplodwild_,62-210-109-47.rev.poneytelecom.eu,XpLoDWilD,verne.freenode.net
cyron,unaffiliated/cyron,Ehsan,asimov.freenode.net
r3ndom_,104.236.234.84,John,niven.freenode.net
Eifie,unaffiliated/eifie,Akai Code,adams.freenode.net
nkf1,104.236.175.225,nk,orwell.freenode.net
blockingthesky,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rfqlnfekdpkkfmzy,Jacob Magnuson,adams.freenode.net
FireBreath,63.142.248.51,FireBreath,karatkievich.freenode.net
abra0,unaffiliated/abra0,abra_abra,kornbluth.freenode.net
tobiasvl,nostromo.uio.no,Tobias V. Langhoff,adams.freenode.net
ReimuHakurei,yuki.reimuhakurei.net,Alex Ingram,leguin.freenode.net
abrabot,unaffiliated/abra0/bot/abrabot,abrabot,kornbluth.freenode.net
JJaska,shodan.theblah.org,Jaakko Set�l�,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Tykling,gibfest.dk,tykling,adams.freenode.net
radish,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,radish,orwell.freenode.net
kromonos,bka.li,Kromonos,kornbluth.freenode.net
riddle,us.yunix.net,decadance,karatkievich.freenode.net
lesderid,anna.lesderid.net,Les De Ridder,wilhelm.freenode.net
Elleo,libre.fm/hacker/elleo,Michael Sheldon,wilhelm.freenode.net
Calinou,unaffiliated/calinou,Calinou,hitchcock.freenode.net
robmyers,gnu/social/robmyers,robcc,adams.freenode.net
silvermere,2001:1af8:4010:a01d:2::,silvermere,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Erkan_Yilmaz,wikimedia/Erkan-Yilmaz,Erkan Yilmaz,hitchcock.freenode.net
les,fsf/member/les,Who me?,karatkievich.freenode.net
munch,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-nbotweaimtlgdjhx,THE NOTORIOUS,karatkievich.freenode.net
Erreur32_,2001:41d0:d:2e5::,Erreur32,adams.freenode.net
pozzoni,2604:180::5a69:7f32,pozzoni,wilhelm.freenode.net
johnsu01,fsf/staff/johnsu01,John Sullivan,weber.freenode.net
Clint,libre.fm/hacker/clint,No hay ba,orwell.freenode.net
kabniel_,jonash.se,jonas,verne.freenode.net
vinzv,fedora/vinzv,vinzv,asimov.freenode.net
MikaT,projects.sse.fi,Mika Tapojärvi,niven.freenode.net
yano,freenode/staff-emeritus/yano,my idle time is a lie,card.freenode.net
yrk,pdpc/supporter/student/yrk,unknown,weber.freenode.net
Basstard`,c-5eeaaa65-74736162.cust.telenor.se,john,asimov.freenode.net
mattl,gnu/mattl,Matt Lee,rajaniemi.freenode.net
shymega,2001:ba8:1f1:f082:216:5eff:fe00:45a,shymega,karatkievich.freenode.net
Raxz,2605:6000:1b09:80c4:570b:5f78:6198:39a9,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jflory7,fedora/jflory7,Justin W. Flory,card.freenode.net
pr,unaffiliated/pr,,orwell.freenode.net
hatterson,cpe-69-207-31-21.buffalo.res.rr.com,Sean,orwell.freenode.net
r04r,unaffiliated/r04r,r04r,asimov.freenode.net
tdy,unaffiliated/tdy,tdy,tepper.freenode.net
LoRe,banjo.rbfh.de,LoRe,leguin.freenode.net
gobostone,c-98-245-83-209.hsd1.co.comcast.net,Gallagher",barjavel.freenode.net
genericpersona,unaffiliated/genericpersona,UncleGenpersXOXO,sinisalo.freenode.net
ertesx,pD9FCB652.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Ertugrul Söylemez,sinisalo.freenode.net
steadshot,37140.vs.webtropia.com,s,asimov.freenode.net
Erkan_Yilmaz,wikimedia/Erkan-Yilmaz,Erkan Yilmaz,hitchcock.freenode.net
apetresc,znc.apetre.sc,Adrian Petrescu,weber.freenode.net
isdf,unaffiliated/isdf,df,karatkievich.freenode.net
m1dnight_,77.109.112.234,Christophe De Troyer,leguin.freenode.net
Ne0S,tumblr.freenet-rz.de,Ne0S,weber.freenode.net
Tadas,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-shanjfhmtwyevhil,Tadas,wolfe.freenode.net
remmie,yyz.cultfan.club,Ian Remsen,barjavel.freenode.net
erasmus,unaffiliated/erasmus,firkin,hitchcock.freenode.net
wackydoo,cpe-2606-A000-F886-E600-A95B-CFA5-8EA1-404E.dyn6.twc.com,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
sjrct,unaffiliated/sjrct,sjrct,asimov.freenode.net
oto,unaffiliated/oto,oto,verne.freenode.net
Guest78990,gateway/shell/firrre/x-qocvkvjkavaclgbo,AnkhMorpork,adams.freenode.net
amoe,visarend.solasistim.net,David Banks,card.freenode.net
fbdragon,176.126.246.10,FBDragon,barjavel.freenode.net
amfournda,c-73-190-16-17.hsd1.mi.comcast.net,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
chesty,indifferent.barrang.com,Michael Chesterton,orwell.freenode.net
gmh,hinderaker.com,Glenn M. Hinderaker,karatkievich.freenode.net
flok420,185.31.230.94,Folkert van Heusden,tepper.freenode.net
blackwind_123,117.192.141.192,The Chat Cool People Use,leguin.freenode.net
shakey_snake,unaffiliated/s-snake/x-1506435,.,leguin.freenode.net
mads-,chicken.whatbox.ca,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
Sonderblade,h-52-183.a157.priv.bahnhof.se,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
basepi,basepi.net,Colton Myers,tepper.freenode.net
Riviera,2a03:b0c0:1:d0::10:b001,:),karatkievich.freenode.net
qed5,bzq-84-111-94-6.red.bezeqint.net,realname,asimov.freenode.net
TheBombMaker,unaffiliated/thebombmaker,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
gde33,546A1876.cm-12-3a.dynamic.ziggo.nl,0,wolfe.freenode.net
happy0,176.126.246.10,happy0,orwell.freenode.net
unholycrab,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vzdxgnexeaozuqvm,pissfuck,adams.freenode.net
aloril,dsl-tkubrasgw1-54fa3f-129.dhcp.inet.fi,Aloril,card.freenode.net
deathroll,staticline-31-183-97-82.toya.net.pl,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
dougsko,unaffiliated/dougsko,No Name,orwell.freenode.net
tobiasvl,nostromo.uio.no,Tobias V. Langhoff,adams.freenode.net
tm512,static-50-53-134-76.bvtn.or.frontiernet.net,tm512,karatkievich.freenode.net
t011,ip-56.net-80-236-51.rev.numericable.fr,t011,wolfe.freenode.net
FUZxxl,d00m.org,Robert,hitchcock.freenode.net
ProClifo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-geeunhntfmdaxtbi,Steffen Eide,orwell.freenode.net
geoffeg,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ntpsfnnzbnbrtjzf,Geoffrey Gallaway,karatkievich.freenode.net
Guest51668,c-73-93-54-51.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Eric Faust,wilhelm.freenode.net
LongyanG,15255.s.t4vps.eu,long yang,wolfe.freenode.net
sentriz,unaffiliated/sentriz,Senan,barjavel.freenode.net
andrewhuntley,jerry.seinfeld.co,george costanza,card.freenode.net
Mock_,180-146-25-147f1.kyt1.eonet.ne.jp,Mock_,rajaniemi.freenode.net
stryx`,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,stryx,verne.freenode.net
Benefit,kantsu.fi,Benefit,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ceng_,elite.bshellz.net,www.bshellz.net,orwell.freenode.net
sicelo,unaffiliated/sicelo,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
barq,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-azoagbtfnxzvopnn,barq,verne.freenode.net
`Zephyr,188.166.182.164,Silver Archer,card.freenode.net
usr,unaffiliated/usr,usr,adams.freenode.net
japanoise,214.ip-37-187-81.eu,chameleon,wolfe.freenode.net
Caraway,gateway/shell/firrre/x-jzkalprvinagdasu,Caraway,niven.freenode.net
Cathy,unaffiliated/cathy,Cathy,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
sqrt2,unaffiliated/sqrt2,ben,kornbluth.freenode.net
Satyricon,static-ip-69-64-50-156.inaddr.ip-pool.com,Nemesis Divina,wilhelm.freenode.net
e2k,gateway/shell/tkk.fi/x-hhxxppesjjdayhtn,Felix,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Yames,j162577.servers.jiffybox.net,Yames,barjavel.freenode.net
dreamworks,unaffiliated/dreamworks,joran,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sa1,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cphqveqtfxublvvd,Saurabh Kumar,leguin.freenode.net
drazak,45.55.142.104,kadjflaf,wilhelm.freenode.net
g2,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-fmbddiepytagfvte,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
ornicar,ns318538.ip-91-121-169.eu,Thibault Duplessis,orwell.freenode.net
YouCallItFar,onegrandcircle.com,far,adams.freenode.net
tswett,192.241.237.138,Tanner Swett,verne.freenode.net
geheimnis`,23.226.237.192,geheimnis,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gigetoo,c83-250-44-242.bredband.comhem.se,gigetoo,leguin.freenode.net
relrod,redhat/relrod,rickymain,asimov.freenode.net
DeformedMartyr,163-47-107-4.flip.co.nz,NullSect0r,weber.freenode.net
xcombelle,ysul.nasqueron.org,User Xcombelle,orwell.freenode.net
paratox,unaffiliated/paratox,paratox,card.freenode.net
Flonk,ec2-52-40-29-25.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Flonk,karatkievich.freenode.net
JiK,gateway/shell/tkk.fi/x-zwqduhmqmefjdveq,Janne Kokkala,asimov.freenode.net
jdqx,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mogqodncndhqzqqv,jdqx,rajaniemi.freenode.net
JimmyRustles,unaffiliated/jimmyrustles,jrustles,hitchcock.freenode.net
StoBrendo,236.ip-149-56-143.net,tux,karatkievich.freenode.net
wilornel__,ec2-54-68-25-61.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Ubuntu,karatkievich.freenode.net
zwisch_,45.72.215.11,zwisch__,wilhelm.freenode.net
Vinvin_,193.191.228.246,realname,adams.freenode.net
gluytium,45.63.76.107,is a fictional supervillain,card.freenode.net
ajaniMember,45.55.137.32,Got ZNC?,verne.freenode.net
oddskill_away,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-slgpusyfgrcowzmz,odd skill,adams.freenode.net
factor,ip70-185-223-172.ok.ok.cox.net,Daniel Yount,rajaniemi.freenode.net
early,68.ip-149-56-14.net,early,orwell.freenode.net
snits,nat/redhat/x-kvgjpoevzafjnpzu,Jerry Snitselaar,wolfe.freenode.net
Svitkona,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-pngpaodhxlxqbceo,Svitkona,karatkievich.freenode.net
downwithbgp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-plydngdrgwwivlpb,vadim,barjavel.freenode.net
jonasdk89,87.238.175.212,Jonas De Keukelaere,asimov.freenode.net
jcazevedo,243.11.166.178.rev.vodafone.pt,Joao Azevedo,sinisalo.freenode.net
beaky,2a03:b0c0:0:1010::123:5003,beaky,karatkievich.freenode.net
penthief,unaffiliated/penthief,skunnard,wolfe.freenode.net
msitton,rad.zpm.pw,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
jerith,kadath.slipgate.net,jerith,orwell.freenode.net
jeroud,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eftnvgizmuubgciw,jerith,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lordmauve,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tcpwgmqgebfwjkpg,Daniel Pope,adams.freenode.net
Yaiyan,46.101.48.31,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
vfs,self.setattr.net,Vickenty Fesunov,rajaniemi.freenode.net
r1chardj0n3s,pyglet.org,Richard Jones,asimov.freenode.net
ReekenX,server.2gb.lt,Remigijus Jarmalavicius,card.freenode.net
daspork,128.199.205.75,,,,,wilhelm.freenode.net
Hodgestar,2a01:4f8:c17:3ca::2,Hodge Star,wilhelm.freenode.net
Jjp137,cpe-104-172-171-228.socal.res.rr.com,Jjp137,adams.freenode.net
hurricanerix,108.34.154.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,hurricanerix,niven.freenode.net
drnlm,drnlm.org,Neil Muller,adams.freenode.net
confluency,2a01:4f8:c17:3ca::2,H. P. Lovecraft,wilhelm.freenode.net
Gummbum,63.227.221.137,Gummbum,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
girafe,LFbn-1-8015-136.w90-112.abo.wanadoo.fr,girafe,barjavel.freenode.net
avelldiroll,unaffiliated/avelldiroll,plantigrade,verne.freenode.net
nowhere_man,2a01:cb10:5c:1300:1a5e:fff:fedf:bfb0,Pierre Thierry,niven.freenode.net
Prira_,195-154-251-94.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Prira,verne.freenode.net
renchap,je.suis.aigri.fr,Renaud Chaput,wolfe.freenode.net
shingara3,195-154-119-147.rev.poneytelecom.eu,shingara,niven.freenode.net
user9,leoseb.ujf-grenoble.fr,user9,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
adaedra,ruby/staff/adaedra,Adædra,rajaniemi.freenode.net
oz,cypr.io,Arnaud Berthomier,barjavel.freenode.net
juni0r,mogwai.anicet.com,anicet,card.freenode.net
number80,fedora/number80,80,weber.freenode.net
StevenSaxton,unaffiliated/stevensaxton,purple,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Maxikose,dsl-jklbrasgw1-54fb0f-81.dhcp.inet.fi,Rautalankarulla,wilhelm.freenode.net
chrysophylax69,145.47.148.122.sta.dodo.net.au,chrysophylax69,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
mlugg,104.238.170.239,Got ZNC?,leguin.freenode.net
shymega,2001:ba8:1f1:f082:216:5eff:fe00:45a,shymega,karatkievich.freenode.net
addshore,wikimedia/addshore,addshore,wolfe.freenode.net
dEBRUYNE,unaffiliated/debruyne,dEBRUYNE,sinisalo.freenode.net
iinaj,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yvmglbposjvmolyc,iinaj,wilhelm.freenode.net
athan,172.56.42.92,Athan Clark,tepper.freenode.net
hmc_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wjzkoszvyezdcamk,Crichton_,adams.freenode.net
ffmad_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mouvjriowhhxxcug,ffmad,adams.freenode.net
danecando,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/danecando,daneger,adams.freenode.net
dobson,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dobson,weber.freenode.net
xmj,freebsd/developer/xmj,Johannes Meixner (http://xmj.me/),rajaniemi.freenode.net
throughnothing,107.170.207.152,Will,weber.freenode.net
Erkan_Yilmaz,wikimedia/Erkan-Yilmaz,Erkan Yilmaz,hitchcock.freenode.net
MiW,185.137.92.4,MiW,tepper.freenode.net
xms,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.77.174.79.46,xms,weber.freenode.net
kasvain,unaffiliated/kasvain,kasvain,verne.freenode.net
rdekley,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eqjguqdciqlmnyuq,rdekley,karatkievich.freenode.net
Junaos,unaffiliated/junaos,Got ZNC?,asimov.freenode.net
ArticMine,184.70.226.34,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
leetsp33ch,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rzsbbnbsqfjmwgwr,leetsp33ch,wilhelm.freenode.net
qpm,unaffiliated/midnightmagic/bot/qpm,qpm,hitchcock.freenode.net
peacefultom,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qfxkrtuxgsnmrlct,peacefultom,wilhelm.freenode.net
antanst,adsl-30.176.58.225.tellas.gr,antanst,adams.freenode.net
saddam,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dpyzgevzmlcifnhu,saddam,niven.freenode.net
Yugemos,unaffiliated/yugemos,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
Lloydimiller4,unaffiliated/lloydimiller4,realname,card.freenode.net
jscinoz,jscinoz.so,Jack Coulter,adams.freenode.net
factium,163-172-7-97.rev.poneytelecom.eu,disconnected,adams.freenode.net
mphill,unaffiliated/mphill,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
tewinget,192.241.181.177,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
ratoder,static.111.19.201.138.clients.your-server.de, Java IRC Bot,asimov.freenode.net
kants,unaffiliated/kants,kants,barjavel.freenode.net
cornfeedhobo,unaffiliated/cornfeed,cornfeedhobo,weber.freenode.net
crabdrab,endeavour.whatbox.ca,realname,card.freenode.net
fuzzyhobbit,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/kassadont,fuzzyhobbit,asimov.freenode.net
AdrianG,unaffiliated/amphetamine,Real Name.,sinisalo.freenode.net
expez,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-adtsglpegzzkzfou,expez,adams.freenode.net
Wuher,backup.completefusion.com,Wuher,card.freenode.net
NewLiberty_,107-142-8-22.lightspeed.irvnca.sbcglobal.net,realname,weber.freenode.net
PatBoy,192.99.249.194,cryptoboy,wolfe.freenode.net
netg,monero.pro,x,rajaniemi.freenode.net
so,unaffiliated/so,s,verne.freenode.net
CryptoTraderClub,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vuqbpkuszyeuqimz,Dave,adams.freenode.net
treeman,84.217.173.228,John Doe,verne.freenode.net
deafboy,cicolina.org,deafboy,wolfe.freenode.net
potyt,88.202.224.88.adsl.inet-telecom.org,potyt,barjavel.freenode.net
bitjedi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oljlzzpjmohgqvps,bitjedi,adams.freenode.net
Fistful_of_Coins,162.243.79.19,Fistfulofbitcoins.com,asimov.freenode.net
PCFiL,unaffiliated/pcfil,PCFiL,weber.freenode.net
tomshreds,192.34.58.130,shreds,adams.freenode.net
lithiumpt,6530.hostserv.eu,How much difference does it make?,sinisalo.freenode.net
fabian,srv.0x0b.de,Fabian Hirschmann,verne.freenode.net
osensei,2001:19f0:300:2262:5054:ff:fec3:7956,osensei,karatkievich.freenode.net
jr2016x30,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bhobhfrnkldccfdb,jr2016x30,hitchcock.freenode.net
Someguy123,unaffiliated/compgenius999,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
killertux,85.194.230.247,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
CrazyLoaf,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ssltnvipomovjkod,CrazyLoaf,niven.freenode.net
_Slack,104.236.15.133,Slack_,asimov.freenode.net
roybadam1,darla.gnomon.org.uk,Roy Badami,wilhelm.freenode.net
Kushed,adsl-75-16-50-139.dsl.irvnca.sbcglobal.net,realname,adams.freenode.net
behalebabo,cpe-45-46-85-168.maine.res.rr.com,Beha,hitchcock.freenode.net
jurov,ec2-52-28-28-204.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com,J V,verne.freenode.net
ibrightly,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kabcjcswfgxybxig,Ivan Brightly,karatkievich.freenode.net
_Telegram,104.236.15.133,Telegram IRC Bot,asimov.freenode.net
Psynthax,cm-2030.cable.globalnet.hr,Psynthax,adams.freenode.net
caolo,42.113.171.70,caolo,weber.freenode.net
OmIkRoNiXz,185.12.237.20,omik,niven.freenode.net
ziddey,2001:470:1f07:7eb:4a7:31ff:feac:c956,ziddey,niven.freenode.net
pero,unaffiliated/pero,pero,wolfe.freenode.net
JSharp,wikia/JSharp,Justin Lynn,adams.freenode.net
davimore__,176-229-128-083.dynamic.caiway.nl,david,weber.freenode.net
dan6a___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dqjjyrnsnvrisvgo,Dan J,wilhelm.freenode.net
cosmo,ldxy-cdn.ledoxy.com,shroudBNC User,verne.freenode.net
Mumuks,188.pool85-53-78.dynamic.orange.es,Mumuks,,,,sinisalo.freenode.net
floWS,unaffiliated/flows,SWolf,wolfe.freenode.net
gluytium,45.63.76.107,is a fictional supervillain,card.freenode.net
xcor_,2.217.148.160,xcor,sinisalo.freenode.net
clintar,68.69.164.130,Clint Silvester,barjavel.freenode.net
kaxing,175.41.48.77,realname,card.freenode.net
nextloop,2001:4ca0:309::a15,nobody,wolfe.freenode.net
gingeropolous,unaffiliated/gingeropolous,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
_floam412_,46.166.188.241,floam412,wilhelm.freenode.net
sdgsdug9sd1,93.77.99.58,purple,karatkievich.freenode.net
redfish,2a00:1838:20:2::8431:610f,redfish,sinisalo.freenode.net
xnbya,ec2-54-72-128-94.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Alexis Enston,,,,niven.freenode.net
luigi1112,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eyrtvkuugkzheuva,luigi11113,adams.freenode.net
kiwano,199.27.181.219,Kris Coward,wilhelm.freenode.net
nioc,gateway/web/freenode/ip.68.196.135.197,ool-44c487c5.dyn.optonline.net/68.196.135.197,herbert.freenode.net
luigi1114,173-27-136-37.client.mchsi.com,...,verne.freenode.net
paulaK,71-45-23-250.res.bhn.net,paulaK,hitchcock.freenode.net
midnightmagic,unaffiliated/midnightmagic,midnightmagic,weber.freenode.net
unknownids,node-1w7jr9uju4q3wms1j8w6m6nqx.ipv6.telus.net,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Wolf0,unaffiliated/wolf/x-5089230,Slut,wolfe.freenode.net
_flow__,star.geekplace.eu,none,leguin.freenode.net
AndrewJackson,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.220.233.75.125,AndrewJackson,wolfe.freenode.net
medusa_,unaffiliated/medusa-/x-0033248,KVIrc 4.2.0 Equilibrium http://kvirc.net/,weber.freenode.net
ferretinjapan,2001:44b8:242:1e04:4a5b:39ff:fe86:d505,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
Dronkavi,104.200.153.83,Dronkavi,wilhelm.freenode.net
n1ce,128.199.47.34,n1ce,orwell.freenode.net
musclez,unaffiliated/musclez,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
lexical,permanently.banned.dk,lexical,orwell.freenode.net
sXpher,coreteam.getmonero.org,sXpher,asimov.freenode.net
luny,unaffiliated/luny,luny,orwell.freenode.net
niab,unaffiliated/niab,none,niven.freenode.net
opossum101,48-146-191-90.dyn.estpak.ee,...,asimov.freenode.net
jeraldv,fsf/member/jeraldv,Jerald Vanderraad,verne.freenode.net
heathkit,li639-249.members.linode.com,heathkit,karatkievich.freenode.net
Onishin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mcnlghivalpneltp,Onishin,tepper.freenode.net
PrideFC_,c-73-210-44-127.hsd1.il.comcast.net,PrideFC,verne.freenode.net
Myagui,chat.ccminer.org,Myagui,asimov.freenode.net
karamble,178.63.29.108,Freedom Fighter,wolfe.freenode.net
daz3d,62-210-36-142.rev.poneytelecom.eu,daz3d,asimov.freenode.net
AaronvanW,unaffiliated/aaronvanw,Aaron van Wirdum,orwell.freenode.net
fluffypony,unaffiliated/fluffypony,The Real fluffypony,barjavel.freenode.net
ghtdak,unaffiliated/ghtdak,ghtdak,orwell.freenode.net
apache7,85.9.20.135,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
js,84-72-180-126.dclient.hispeed.ch,Jonathan S.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
l4st_r4nger,216.155.144.251,Last Ranger,weber.freenode.net
Febo,89-212-219-142.dynamic.t-2.net,...,wilhelm.freenode.net
Tristitia,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,One with Darkness,sinisalo.freenode.net
rolig,unaffiliated/rollig,I always lie.,wolfe.freenode.net
GGuyZ,primary.spagni.net,GGuyZ,wolfe.freenode.net
ashnur,unaffiliated/ashnur,suly",orwell.freenode.net
wallet42,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ejmuztsevtenzywj,wallet42,wilhelm.freenode.net
LobsterMan,unaffiliated/lobsterman,...,asimov.freenode.net
NoodleDoodle,coreteam.getmonero.org,NoodleDoodle,karatkievich.freenode.net
linear,unaffiliated/linear,L,karatkievich.freenode.net
laxdog,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-blogwtbxvcpuqotc,Michael Robinson,leguin.freenode.net
SoreGums,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-munpgltkizawtene,SoreGums,wilhelm.freenode.net
hrumph,d67-193-128-5.home3.cgocable.net,Hrumph,adams.freenode.net
jp01_,h247079.upc-h.chello.nl,really,rajaniemi.freenode.net
binaryFate,2607:ff48:aa81:800::a15f:1,bF,leguin.freenode.net
hyc,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe96:3246,Howard Chu,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nOgAnOo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qzaxushlbdelzugi,Lily,wilhelm.freenode.net
SirJacket,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wgvpanrqckinlyrh,Greg D,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Snipa,unaffiliated/snipa,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
KingCaper,unaffiliated/kingcaper,KC,asimov.freenode.net
vdo,unaffiliated/vdo,VDO,orwell.freenode.net
djSkip,104.207.131.231,user,asimov.freenode.net
moneromooo,unaffiliated/moneromooo,moneromooo,asimov.freenode.net
ByronZED,frenzy.ninja,*,card.freenode.net
chops,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xkwgzefvdevvlgyf,Jesse Gumm,wolfe.freenode.net
catcow,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lwhhnghenehdrqrd,joel,wolfe.freenode.net
edubai__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xzzjjrgzbzktbljr,edubai,rajaniemi.freenode.net
DigiByteDev,n218250011174.netvigator.com,Jared Tate,asimov.freenode.net
MalMen,xmr.link,Got ZNC?,asimov.freenode.net
davidlatapie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-weyemlucsljqcykr,David Latapie,wolfe.freenode.net
gsora,unaffiliated/gsora,gsora,tepper.freenode.net
othe,coreteam.getmonero.org,othe,leguin.freenode.net
berken,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jjqplnammisbxefm,berken,wilhelm.freenode.net
kartouch,monkeypl0w.digikiwee.xyz,KartouchBoy,wilhelm.freenode.net
unicron,unaffiliated/unicron,unicron,asimov.freenode.net
spyborg,2604:a880:1:20::f39:d001,spyborg,wilhelm.freenode.net
VashTheStampede,unaffiliated/vashthestampede,VashTheStampede,kornbluth.freenode.net
rotarydialer,unaffiliated/rotarydialer,Real Name,orwell.freenode.net
asok,2a03:b0c0:2:d0::c80:f001,foo,adams.freenode.net
WhitesoxCrypto,unaffiliated/whitesoxcrypto,KVIrc 4.9.1 Aria http://kvirc.net/,orwell.freenode.net
michaelgreene,38.122.84.14,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
ravla,unaffiliated/ravla,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
TheKoziTwo,51.174.145.114,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
synapse,unaffiliated/synapse,sarah,card.freenode.net
yeswepump,unaffiliated/yeswepump,yeswepump,card.freenode.net
slbbb,prometheus.latenightworks.com,slbb,orwell.freenode.net
ashaman,static-72-82-151-130.cmdnnj.fios.verizon.net,Asha'man,kornbluth.freenode.net
ronaz,irc.prasos.fi,Roni Blomberg,adams.freenode.net
SWAT,ubuntu/member/swat,Sebastian S.,hitchcock.freenode.net
DavidFromBE,unaffiliated/davidfrombe,DavidFromBelgium,leguin.freenode.net
cashforbtc,unaffiliated/cashforbtc,cashforbtc,barjavel.freenode.net
Guest73412,static-216-176-69-170.consolidated.net,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sirnarwhal,unaffiliated/ranok,Simon Says,niven.freenode.net
LightningFury__,p57914959.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,realname,weber.freenode.net
hugo`,freigeist.io,hugo,asimov.freenode.net
aerbax,monerobase.com,Heir Baques,asimov.freenode.net
ahmed_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bbuwknkwrmnvhvet,ahmedbodi,wolfe.freenode.net
thurmyt3,unaffiliated/thurmyt3,thurmyt3,adams.freenode.net
BobBarker,basedhost.com,null,weber.freenode.net
minthos,85.10.205.19,Espen Overaae,orwell.freenode.net
tippero,unaffiliated/fluffypony/bot/tippero,tippero,tepper.freenode.net
sheepman,unaffiliated/sheepman,sheepman,wolfe.freenode.net
smooth,ec2-54-201-223-245.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Ubuntu,wilhelm.freenode.net
FesterTe-,ec2-54-172-242-176.compute-1.amazonaws.com,FesterTester,barjavel.freenode.net
SSA,unaffiliated/ssa,SSA,wilhelm.freenode.net
jimbit,c-71-224-11-214.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,jimbit,hitchcock.freenode.net
banns0red,oxycont.in,Stop whois'n me fgt,wolfe.freenode.net
megaddin,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-edimpxolcsmvgyqm,al a din,karatkievich.freenode.net
crz,unaffiliated/crz-,crz,weber.freenode.net
kyrre,fsf/member/kyrre,kyrre,barjavel.freenode.net
i2p-relay,coreteam.getmonero.org,i2p-relay,asimov.freenode.net
mogreen,unaffiliated/mogreen,mogreen,sinisalo.freenode.net
saintromuald__,dynamic-acs-24-239-99-170.zoominternet.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
wpalczynski,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-biwtcwwbikckzeay,wpalczynski,wilhelm.freenode.net
Joshchamp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-szhpmpfwhidhrxxg,Josh,verne.freenode.net
Impyy,unaffiliated/imperative,impy,wilhelm.freenode.net
fotis2,2001:41d0:8:e5b6::1,Fotis Georgatos,wilhelm.freenode.net
stuwil_,orchid.sidereal.ca,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
burp,2001:41d0:2:a512::1,~,wilhelm.freenode.net
iDunk,unaffiliated/idunk,iDunk,verne.freenode.net
pecan,li904-82.members.linode.com,Peter C,tepper.freenode.net
stanislas_,mrokita.pl,Stanisław Szczęśniak,barjavel.freenode.net
RolfTj,188.226.182.165,RolfTj,asimov.freenode.net
ajprog,irc.cmsms.us,Jeff,hitchcock.freenode.net
velden1,xm0068.uvt.nl,velden,weber.freenode.net
reneh,180-250-11.connect.netcom.no,ReneH,wolfe.freenode.net
JoMorg,188.226.182.165,JoMorg,barjavel.freenode.net
bossbot,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:feae:2357,bossbot,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cAPS_lOCK_W,81.166.55.102.static.lyse.net,HELMIN,card.freenode.net
iggi,ip69.50-31-21.static.steadfastdns.net,iggi,wilhelm.freenode.net
cajoel,wikimedia/jkrauska,Joel Krauska,wilhelm.freenode.net
Brainscan,2604:a880:800:a1::102:5001,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
tomocha_______,2001:e40:104::1,tomocha,adams.freenode.net
Bifrost,server01.minions.com,Palest Corpse,rajaniemi.freenode.net
BernardB,2a04:4344:2:2::2,Got ZNC?,niven.freenode.net
elfkin,app1.orb.no,harkar,niven.freenode.net
blahdeblah,unaffiliated/blahdeblah,Paul Gear,wilhelm.freenode.net
latez,insomnia.nyc,Hope in reality is the worst of all evils.,card.freenode.net
codey,unaffiliated/codey,Codey Oxley,wilhelm.freenode.net
cunningpike,d172-218-128-79.bchsia.telus.net,cunningpike,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
mr_science,gentoo/developer/nerdboy,Steve Arnold,tepper.freenode.net
nerdboy,gentoo/developer/nerdboy,Steve Arnold,card.freenode.net
CharlieBrown,2602:306:36de:9cc0:d54c:697b:a9e5:406a,realname,leguin.freenode.net
GreenLantern,80.240.131.213,GreenLantern,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Zerock,fsf/member/zerock,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
strcpy_,ns351622.ovh.net,strcpy,asimov.freenode.net
zimmerle,a.fancy.place.beyond.your.imagination.zimmerle.org,Felipe Zimmerle,wolfe.freenode.net
Guest14030______,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wybbojcfqvunpbzm,Pepper,rajaniemi.freenode.net
barnito,2604:6000:120d:3c:2594:3e6:4e5c:af6,barnito,roddenberry.freenode.net
Danny_B,wikimedia/Danny-B.,Danny B.,weber.freenode.net
fus,dev.rozestwinski.com,Rafal,wolfe.freenode.net
Steinsplitter,wikimedia/Steinsplitter,Steinsplitter,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
TarLocesilion,wikipedia/Tar-Locesilion,Tar Lócesilion,leguin.freenode.net
saper,wikipedia/saper,Marcin Cieslak,tepper.freenode.net
ankry,2001:4070:10:4800:1:beef:15:dead,Ankry,wilhelm.freenode.net
raynor,wikimedia/PMiazga-WMF,Piotr Miazga,leguin.freenode.net
gnomon,CPE1c872c7063d0-CM00fc8d8fbe70.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,Ben Zanin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
fbsd,a89-154-153-39.cpe.netcabo.pt,Android SimpleIrc,karatkievich.freenode.net
book`_,68.ip-149-56-14.net,book,wolfe.freenode.net
hephaistor,users.ig42.org,Master of Entropy,card.freenode.net
chris2,vuxu.org,Christian Neukirchen,niven.freenode.net
The_Schmidt,207-192-200-73.lbbkcmtk04.res.dyn.suddenlink.net,realname,tepper.freenode.net
yitz,unaffiliated/yitz-/x-6738568,yitz,weber.freenode.net
gniourf,pdm-l03.insa-lyon.fr,gniourf,niven.freenode.net
Drakevr,unaffiliated/drakevr,~_~,wilhelm.freenode.net
waldner,openvpn/user/waldner,waldner,niven.freenode.net
ttmrichter,185.66.248.145,ttmrichter,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
tumdedum,unaffiliated/espiral,tum-de-dum,card.freenode.net
dc`,unaffiliated/dc/x-2221435,dc,niven.freenode.net
toxicFork,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gmbhctosugdefafr,toxicFork,karatkievich.freenode.net
|3b|,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fedf:5b65,bb,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dgrove,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jtusshefzurhyrhz,Daniel Grove,leguin.freenode.net
utopiah,ks3266028.kimsufi.com,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
lus,unaffiliated/lus,lus,tepper.freenode.net
SyntaxTerror,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cvztbeezaibxfiol,SyntaxTerror,wilhelm.freenode.net
sneagan__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ynvxnfucjdxjzxub,Jackson Egan,adams.freenode.net
LjL,unaffiliated/ljl,LjL,sinisalo.freenode.net
strages,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-axzfrploaguuoujf,Raymond Nordin III,leguin.freenode.net
haagch,2a03:4000:2:4e6::dead:beef,haagch,niven.freenode.net
node_fanatic,2601:18e:c500:3f60:fdba:582b:f75:967,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
mikolalysenko,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zwosrusbpptqjaoe,Mikola Lysenko,karatkievich.freenode.net
olli-,really.really.smallhtml.com,olli,sinisalo.freenode.net
unconed,li727-64.members.linode.com,anon,sinisalo.freenode.net
fullstack,unaffiliated/fullstack,fs,karatkievich.freenode.net
zellio,vanhijk.com,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
shellby,vpn.clavi.us,Shellby Capek,asimov.freenode.net
Mithorium,gateway/web/freenode/ip.209.185.43.36,209.185.43.36 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
strass,tomenet.skepticalfamily.com,strass,adams.freenode.net
Stephenr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-riygpbsabctyyoda,Stephen R. Hamilton,wolfe.freenode.net
purpleidea,unaffiliated/purpleidea,,wolfe.freenode.net
quinoa_rex,thisisnota.beer,hempen homespun,barjavel.freenode.net
Dannenberg,vanhijk.com,Matt Dannenberg,hitchcock.freenode.net
ehashman,unaffiliated/ehashman,Elana Hashman,wolfe.freenode.net
chickadee,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-juxqdrciwhlnzpez,David Donna,adams.freenode.net
magoni,pool-173-49-159-213.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,evan,card.freenode.net
Spacenet,unaffiliated/windpower/bot/spacenet,http://irc.biringa.com/,roddenberry.freenode.net
Nethaera,master.mithorium.com,<3 Mithorium,orwell.freenode.net
tahnok,unaffiliated/tahnok,Laughing Man,barjavel.freenode.net
WindPower,perot.me,4096R/974EE250 | https://perot.me/,roddenberry.freenode.net
ben_zen,zaibatsutel.net,Zen,leguin.freenode.net
jvd,poipu/developer/syscrash,Shaikh, Javeed Orbital Laser,asimov.freenode.net
dcheung,lakaz.org,Dustin,asimov.freenode.net
HiggsPossum,unaffiliated/higgspossum,AcerBoson,barjavel.freenode.net
Orez,2604:2000:e88f:9900:1cc2:ee75:eb0f:269b,Orez,niven.freenode.net
jbossbot,redhat/jbossbot,JBossBot,roddenberry.freenode.net
jbott,nat/redhat/x-mckrkgwbemvqdeds,maxandersen slave,kornbluth.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
cgoncalves,cgoncalves.pt,Carlos Goncalves,niven.freenode.net
bryan_att,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oobnopdxzwimktty,Bryan Sullivan,adams.freenode.net
collabot`,ircbot-3.wl.linuxfoundation.org,collabot,wolfe.freenode.net
bramwelt,osuosl/staff/bramwelt,bramwelt,karatkievich.freenode.net
consultron,triton.consultron.com,Consultron,leguin.freenode.net
ildikov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nyugjoyyhlzxymho,Ildiko Vancsa,wilhelm.freenode.net
margaret,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-stnlsnfchmyvdquk,Margaret Chiosi,sinisalo.freenode.net
MR_Sandvine,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nrgitkwrovwldcmw,Manuel Rebellon,wilhelm.freenode.net
OPNFV-Gerrit-Bot,gateway/shell/linux-foundation/x-mbfnujrliuzohnez,OPNFV-Gerrit-Bot,card.freenode.net
godbyk,173-20-96-181.client.mchsi.com,Kevin Godby,wilhelm.freenode.net
lubosz,2a00:1098:0:82:1000:25:2eeb:e3e4,Lubosz Sarnecki,adams.freenode.net
strages,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-axzfrploaguuoujf,Raymond Nordin III,leguin.freenode.net
toxicFork,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gmbhctosugdefafr,toxicFork,karatkievich.freenode.net
haagch,2a03:4000:2:4e6::dead:beef,haagch,niven.freenode.net
balrog,unaffiliated/balrog,balrog,orwell.freenode.net
emrysal,149-210-235-18.colo.transip.net,Alex,karatkievich.freenode.net
bwrsandman,216.252.89.173,Sandy Carter,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tsutsukakushi,163.172.151.191,Yui Hirasawa,leguin.freenode.net
Guest1290,89.34.99.134,Guest1290,asimov.freenode.net
e-neko,unaffiliated/e-cat,realname,verne.freenode.net
Sinclair6,108-75-18-87.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net,Sinclair6,wilhelm.freenode.net
froike,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-bwhvpvlqcnfydxdg,froike,wilhelm.freenode.net
stochastix,unaffiliated/stochastix,stochasticש,wilhelm.freenode.net
meowschwitz,unaffiliated/mikeseth,Mike Seth,karatkievich.freenode.net
qed5,bzq-84-111-94-6.red.bezeqint.net,realname,asimov.freenode.net
SonnyBonds-,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-nlmnlxwqdusunsod,LayerBNC - At Your Fingertips!,hitchcock.freenode.net
EvilRoey,flame-n.senet-int.com,Roey Katz,karatkievich.freenode.net
qed3,gateway/web/freenode/ip.132.76.50.5,132.76.50.5 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Pseudo,gateway/shell/firrre/x-jizrdkxsjxpyaicq,EXCESS LAMENESS,wolfe.freenode.net
ysry,unaffiliated/yousiry,ysiry,wolfe.freenode.net
zzedan,unaffiliated/zzedan,zzedann,verne.freenode.net
Caraway,gateway/shell/firrre/x-jzkalprvinagdasu,Caraway,niven.freenode.net
wondiws,5ED7DF59.cm-7-8d.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Jasper Abcdefgh,wolfe.freenode.net
Cormorant,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-zstsqvvulfizjxtu,Cormorant,asimov.freenode.net
deMoivre,unaffiliated/demoivre,deMovire,barjavel.freenode.net
nautilus3,unaffiliated/nautilus2,nautilus,leguin.freenode.net
MuffinMedic,unaffiliated/muffinmedic,Evan,karatkievich.freenode.net
kittysandwich,2a03:8180:1401:af:2::12c,Kitty Sandwich,niven.freenode.net
Demp,unaffiliated/demp,testing,leguin.freenode.net
chalcedny,unaffiliated/chalcedony,Thesaurus,wilhelm.freenode.net
spacepluk,ec2-50-19-126-100.compute-1.amazonaws.com,spacepluk-freenode,rajaniemi.freenode.net
realz,unaffiliated/realazthat,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
yuvallanger[m],gateway/shell/matrix.org/x-dynohwwskvznfwdp,@yuvallanger:matrix.org,wilhelm.freenode.net
Swant,freenode/staff/ikea,IKEA,odin.freenode.net
Quokka,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-ncsyetqewztefzth,Fife,wolfe.freenode.net
Kraps,unaffiliated/kraps,Kraps,card.freenode.net
niko,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.niko,Nicolas Coevoet,weber.freenode.net
Guest78990,gateway/shell/firrre/x-qocvkvjkavaclgbo,AnkhMorpork,adams.freenode.net
Bisqwit,dsl-hkibrasgw3-58c154-194.dhcp.inet.fi,Joel Yliluoma,orwell.freenode.net
MaximB,77.127.69.145,purple,tepper.freenode.net
alextai,188.120.133.186,AlexTAI,niven.freenode.net
Krapsy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nqkdddnhvlnajyyi,Kraps,wilhelm.freenode.net
tilikum,unaffiliated/tilikum,salish,tepper.freenode.net
Sir_Designer,wikipedia/mareklug,Marek Wojciech Ługowski,leguin.freenode.net
yonatankoren_,ec2-52-32-209-141.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
birk0ff,185.120.126.8,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Roey,pool-100-15-82-213.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Roey Katz,weber.freenode.net
xxzz,freebsd/contributor/xxzz,realname,zelazny.freenode.net
cow_2001,unaffiliated/wabisabi,rn,karatkievich.freenode.net
bel3atar,gateway/shell/insomnia247/x-zyddmiqmmzonfxao,Got ZNC?,roddenberry.freenode.net
themba,163.172.157.192,Sjoerd T. Timmer,leguin.freenode.net
Meduza,addprofile.se,Erik Cederberg,tepper.freenode.net
johan_k,c80-216-178-199.bredband.comhem.se,Johan,wolfe.freenode.net
KaKaRoTo,amsn/developer/kakaroto,Youness Alaoui,barjavel.freenode.net
w1gz,ns336895.ip-178-32-220.eu,khs,karatkievich.freenode.net
ahiemstra,5353B635.cm-6-4c.dynamic.ziggo.nl,n,wolfe.freenode.net
jstefanop,ec2-54-172-0-34.compute-1.amazonaws.com,john,wolfe.freenode.net
nickthetait,50-205-5-74-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,purple,sinisalo.freenode.net
tonyb486,tonybox.net,Mostly Harmless,niven.freenode.net
Chief|Wiggum,tuxhacker/b0t/ChiefWiggum,Supybot 0.83.4.1,asimov.freenode.net
sdousley,tuxhacker/sdousley,Steve Ousley,wolfe.freenode.net
dlacroix,mordor.rutgers.edu,kluster,card.freenode.net
rascul,rascul.xyz,rascul,orwell.freenode.net
swa_work,23-233-17-243.cpe.pppoe.ca,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
spyroboy,tuxhacker/spyroboy,Dario Russo,adams.freenode.net
DoppelGanger,cpe-67-240-52-123.nycap.res.rr.com,DeusAngelus,karatkievich.freenode.net
plouescat,155.ip-158-69-112.net,best,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
memecake,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fee4:934e,Daniel Memetic,niven.freenode.net
netdaemon,tuxhacker/netdaemon,Kel,wolfe.freenode.net
Tarius,unaffiliated/tarius,David Tarius,barjavel.freenode.net
Grum,irc.grum.nl,grum,leguin.freenode.net
fekz,unaffiliated/fekz,菊地英治,tepper.freenode.net
Mr_Rabies,162.243.30.25,http://i.easel.blolol.com/lumpy.png,asimov.freenode.net
tijnix,5ED17A3A.cm-7-2b.dynamic.ziggo.nl,martijn,verne.freenode.net
Eraclito,host168-52-dynamic.18-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,SD,niven.freenode.net
Valhorth,athena.framed.be,space,verne.freenode.net
uwharrie,cpe-24-74-57-229.carolina.res.rr.com,realname,asimov.freenode.net
Sephiroth,pdpc/supporter/student/sephiroth,Sephiroth,weber.freenode.net
dracula,ip-217-103-124-30.ip.prioritytelecom.net,Dracula,hitchcock.freenode.net
pompy,c-50-182-137-173.hsd1.nj.comcast.net,purple,sinisalo.freenode.net
Diddi,46-22-123-148.ip.axbyte.se,diddi,asimov.freenode.net
equiraptor,ridge.equiraptor.com,equiraptor,verne.freenode.net
Kehet,fenbox.kehet.com,Atte,barjavel.freenode.net
Mantrain,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-frtivjsvrfrrfxzl,Andreas,adams.freenode.net
bqlancer,99-98-209-99.lightspeed.tukrga.sbcglobal.net,purple,verne.freenode.net
MiRai,unaffiliated/mirai,MiRai,card.freenode.net
lobotomy,li447-127.members.linode.com,lobotomy,niven.freenode.net
FatShack,198.12.67.248,Tenda,adams.freenode.net
Shwaffle,67-4-138-160.mpls.qwest.net,Matt,hitchcock.freenode.net
cythrawll,unaffiliated/cythrawll,cythrawll,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
tkappleton,2601:c8:8003:8de6:a1aa:3ec8:9ebc:23be,tk,karatkievich.freenode.net
_jungh4ns,static.184.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,junghans,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ArNz|8o8,unaffiliated/arnz8o8/x-0538635,..textual harrasment,tepper.freenode.net
Saimeidae,unaffiliated/saimeidae,II",asimov.freenode.net
LuaKT,unaffiliated/luakt,LuaKT,wolfe.freenode.net
tlund,envy.nxs.se,there is no spoon,adams.freenode.net
Redeuxx,redeuxx.ribbed.us,Be water, my friend.,niven.freenode.net
Zanith,54.76.60.58,Zanith,hitchcock.freenode.net
kozie,185.87.185.133,Kozie,karatkievich.freenode.net
limbero,unaffiliated/limbero,http://i.imgur.com/81VIn.jpg,leguin.freenode.net
deimos,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bnrwhyyvdrdzrqjs,deimos,wilhelm.freenode.net
FinalX,penance.xs4all.nl,danielm,verne.freenode.net
infobot,rikers.org,TimRiker's infobot,sinisalo.freenode.net
sumpwa,ip98-184-186-7.tu.ok.cox.net,sumpwa,card.freenode.net
Olison,unaffiliated/olison,Olison,verne.freenode.net
triple,pi.nxs.se,triple,leguin.freenode.net
Tecfan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wlnimdxjurgsddvt,Tecfan,adams.freenode.net
shellgames,104.236.11.204,shellgames,orwell.freenode.net
hodapp___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ogedbgedllwbzdge,Eli Hodapp,leguin.freenode.net
disc,62.50.189.66,stian ulriksen,wolfe.freenode.net
one_zero,ip72-203-85-109.oc.oc.cox.net,blah,asimov.freenode.net
inked,the.inkedn3rd.com,dunno,asimov.freenode.net
iblizzard,S01065cd998ae3465.cg.shawcable.net,Ian Blizzard,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ec\,ell.io,ELLIOTTCABLE,tepper.freenode.net
kapowaz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mgqkvfmrpkgedzyf,Ben Darlow,adams.freenode.net
irclogger_com,li659-42.members.linode.com,irc log bot, http://www.irclogger.com,asimov.freenode.net
siel,unaffiliated/motley,siel,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Gadgetoid,ip-78-109-177-200.ask4internet.com,Phil,card.freenode.net
DireFog,svc2.spearhead.de,Nicos Gollan,adams.freenode.net
vdl,147.ip-167-114-97.net,vivien,orwell.freenode.net
meese,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-svwrzyzwtyyucyem,meese,wolfe.freenode.net
Vainglory,unaffiliated/vainglory,Vainglory,orwell.freenode.net
sn0wmonster,taskhive/developer/sn0wmonster,Skifree Snowmonster,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
lubiana3,2001:41d0:a:1752::1,lubiana,adams.freenode.net
plomlompom,plomlompom.com,"Christian,verne.freenode.net
n_to,2a01:488:66:1000:523:f2d9:0:1,n_to,adams.freenode.net
anemos_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bnhdyloasfnsjlho,Anemos Technologies - Philippe Crochat,niven.freenode.net
ALicinio,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lwdvaahozrmtnepl,Alexandre Licinio,niven.freenode.net
ABLomas,78-60-198-200.static.zebra.lt,ABLomas,adams.freenode.net
Jakdaw_,iroquois-mxisp.openmarket.com,Jakdaw,wilhelm.freenode.net
Phergie,104.236.252.178,Matthew Turland,asimov.freenode.net
PSchwisow_afk,bouncy.tembies.com,Patrick Schwisow,adams.freenode.net
elazar,irc.daveyshafik.com,Matthew Turland,leguin.freenode.net
coderabbi,irc.daveyshafik.com,Yitzchok Willroth,asimov.freenode.net
rdohms,bots.doh.ms,Rafael Dohms,weber.freenode.net
arrack,60.199.248.183,arrack,verne.freenode.net
jnlin_tfn,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,Jui-Nan Lin,wilhelm.freenode.net
chejen,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,CheJen Lin,verne.freenode.net
yuh926323,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,yuh926323,wilhelm.freenode.net
raychang,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,raychang,asimov.freenode.net
mendes_pix,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,mendes_pix,card.freenode.net
afu,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,afu,weber.freenode.net
jean_,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,Jean,card.freenode.net
rulin,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,rulin,weber.freenode.net
cctsao,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,cctsao,weber.freenode.net
webber,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,webber,wilhelm.freenode.net
cypresskuo,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,cypresskuo,verne.freenode.net
bency,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,Bency Lin,weber.freenode.net
linda_,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,linda,card.freenode.net
hsuan,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,hsuan,sinisalo.freenode.net
heavenruler,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,heavenurler,wilhelm.freenode.net
josh_liao,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,josh_liao,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
peter___,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,Peter,wolfe.freenode.net
sam__,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,sam,card.freenode.net
dennis_,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,dennis,wilhelm.freenode.net
Guest52008,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,julian,adams.freenode.net
edwardc_pix,60-199-248-183.static.tfn.net.tw,edwardc_pix,wolfe.freenode.net
jerith,kadath.slipgate.net,jerith,orwell.freenode.net
phlebas,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sqegpfrliwufgudp,Tim Felgentreff,sinisalo.freenode.net
utkarsh_,192.241.184.124,Utkarsh Kukreti,weber.freenode.net
Alex_Gaynor,django/committer/alexgaynor,Alex Gaynor,wolfe.freenode.net
[o__o],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me,verne.freenode.net
harrow,68.ip-149-56-14.net,harrow,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
brixen,208.68.39.152,Brian Shirai,karatkievich.freenode.net
mswart,irc.3c.dxtt.de,Malte Swart,niven.freenode.net
deanfx,4o4.co,deanfx,adams.freenode.net
JooJooBee666,173.245.202.138,JooJooBee666,asimov.freenode.net
colonel00,c-67-188-28-99.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,colonel00,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
pulser,VillainROM/staff/Pulser,Pulser,rajaniemi.freenode.net
waako|zzz,drupal.org/user/368076/view,Tom,adams.freenode.net
Druplicon,drupal/bot/druplicon,Druplicon :http://drupal.org/project/bot,asimov.freenode.net
DyanneNova,cpe-71-68-115-234.carolina.res.rr.com,Nova,niven.freenode.net
markcarver,unicorn.fail,Mark Carver,wolfe.freenode.net
gotnate,dungeon.gotnate.com,Got Nate?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
chizzains,75-173-163-110.dvnp.qwest.net,chains,verne.freenode.net
ErrantEgo,freenode/jester/errantego,ErrantEgo,wilhelm.freenode.net
Bill,2601:87:104:5120:d8df:2f6d:c8c9:f494,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
missyagogo,ourinfiniteloop/staff/missyagogo,missyagogo,niven.freenode.net
xbot1313,8.41.64.78,xforever1313's bot,verne.freenode.net
KevinMGranger,irc.jwf.io,Kevin M. Granger,verne.freenode.net
bahamas10,cpe-98-5-18-96.buffalo.res.rr.com,bahamas10,karatkievich.freenode.net
Serubin,irc.s-r.io,Serubin,wilhelm.freenode.net
beWhitty,irc.jwf.io,Brendan,karatkievich.freenode.net
s0ph0s,2601:983:4700:603a:21e:90ff:fe75:a4e6,wel2138,karatkievich.freenode.net
BubbatheVTOG,pool-70-16-214-130.man.east.myfairpoint.net,Bubba,orwell.freenode.net
TimEndersby,irc.jwf.io,Timothy Endersby,asimov.freenode.net
VoidWhisperer,unaffiliated/voidwhisperer,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ritlugtg4,irc-lug.rit.edu,nodeJS IRC client,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
sacratoy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gupmrhohumwsisee,sacratoy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nolski,irc.jwf.io,Mike Nolan,orwell.freenode.net
squiffy,border.phoenix.squiffypwn.com,squiffy,niven.freenode.net
thenaterhood,irc.jwf.io,thenaterhood,rajaniemi.freenode.net
axk4545,irc.jwf.io,Aidan,card.freenode.net
nathaniel4,irc.jwf.io,Nathaniel Larrimore,barjavel.freenode.net
cowsaybot,8.41.64.78,Cowsay Bot,tepper.freenode.net
Awmusic12635,107.155.88.52,Awmusic12635,verne.freenode.net
zg,unaffiliated/zg,Zack Zatkin-Gold,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Fanshawe,bryn.justinwflory.com,Fanshawe the IRC Bot,barjavel.freenode.net
cold_sauce,border.phoenix.squiffypwn.com,cold_sauce,asimov.freenode.net
wilfriedE,unaffiliated/wilfriede,/~~~flying-potatoes~~~/,verne.freenode.net
dzho,unaffiliated/dzho,D. Joe,adams.freenode.net
ebeyer_,162.243.202.12,Eric Beyer,card.freenode.net
jflory7,fedora/jflory7,Justin W. Flory,card.freenode.net
papertigers,pool-71-186-191-36.bflony.fios.verizon.net,mike,card.freenode.net
yhetti,c-24-8-25-155.hsd1.co.comcast.net,taylor,weber.freenode.net
dominicgs,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fuqcghcsixglihmv,Dominic Spill,wilhelm.freenode.net
mossmann,c-24-8-25-155.hsd1.co.comcast.net,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
Penelope,c-24-8-25-155.hsd1.co.comcast.net,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
guerby,april/board/guerby,Laurent GUERBY,sinisalo.freenode.net
iwamatsu__,www1015ue.sakura.ne.jp,Nobuhiro Iwamatsu,adams.freenode.net
Misiek56,countervandalism/Michal56,Michal56,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Spydar007,unaffiliated/spydar007,Darcy Marshall,card.freenode.net
VegaDark,wikia/vstf/countervandalism.user.VegaDark,This is VegaDark,leguin.freenode.net
StarmanW,countervandalism/StarmanW,StarmanW,weber.freenode.net
I_am_not_me,wikipedia/inclusivedisjunction,Jordan,niven.freenode.net
jerith,kadath.slipgate.net,jerith,orwell.freenode.net
dstufft,shitbird.caremad.io,Donald Stufft,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jeroud,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eftnvgizmuubgciw,jerith,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ldlework,unaffiliated/ldlework,ldlework,barjavel.freenode.net
pyn,dornkirk.twistedmatrix.com,None,wolfe.freenode.net
ShoaibJahejo,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-eavllgqagcqaadel,ShoaibJahejo,karatkievich.freenode.net
keturn,199.195.140.73,acapnotic,niven.freenode.net
ivan,unaffiliated/ivan/x-000001,ivan,wilhelm.freenode.net
glyph,172.99.77.232,Glyph,wilhelm.freenode.net
dustinm,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dustinm,weber.freenode.net
tomprince,hermes.hocat.ca,Tom Prince,verne.freenode.net
hawkowl,6.atleastfornow.net,HawkOwl,wilhelm.freenode.net
PenguinOfDoom,spleen.xzrq.net,wat,asimov.freenode.net
froztbyte,unaffiliated/frozt01100101,froztbyte,wilhelm.freenode.net
dash,greyface.org,Allen Short,rajaniemi.freenode.net
wich,sourcemage/guru/wich,Remko van der Vossen,barjavel.freenode.net
public,sourcemage/guru/public,public,wolfe.freenode.net
Stealth,sourcemage/archon/stealth,V,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lace_,160.216.1.69,Ladislav Hagara,asimov.freenode.net
ruskie,sourcemage/mage/ruskie,ruskie,adams.freenode.net
flux_control,sourcemage/wizard/flux,flux,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
EiNSTeiN_,unaffiliated/einstein/x-615171,einstein,adams.freenode.net
pmb,ec2-54-148-132-88.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,pmb,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mjeanson,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xeomcwtzvkotmslx,Michael Jeanson,rajaniemi.freenode.net
synner,rnicrosoft.biz,SynneR,karatkievich.freenode.net
crowell,unaffiliated/crowell,Jeffrey Crowell,barjavel.freenode.net
adeschamps,2607:5300:60:abe::1,adeschamps,karatkievich.freenode.net
jdesfossez,localdomain.ip6-local.host,Julien Desfossez,niven.freenode.net
baikal,107.161.0.78,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
|R,twd.su,BOFH,sinisalo.freenode.net
quend,104.236.1.89,Sophia D'Antoine,adams.freenode.net
ouaibe,unaffiliated/ouaibe,ouaibe,wilhelm.freenode.net
Lense,lense.su,Gravitational,wolfe.freenode.net
itszn,104.131.213.67,itszn,weber.freenode.net
xhku,198.72.123.109,xhku,karatkievich.freenode.net
SPACEBAR,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dkgvbnndqoazanzt,SPACEBAR,wilhelm.freenode.net
_eko,mtrlpq1945w-lp140-02-70-30-233-193.dsl.bell.ca,eko,orwell.freenode.net
b13bs,nova.polymtl.ca,b13bs,verne.freenode.net
stgraber,ubuntu/member/stgraber,Stéphane Graber,wilhelm.freenode.net
layr8,unaffiliated/layr8,Layer 8,rajaniemi.freenode.net
init_null,unaffiliated/init-null/x-43897651,ZNC - http://znc.in,hitchcock.freenode.net
marc-etienne,moln.marcetienne.com,Marc-Etienne M.Léveillé,adams.freenode.net
plaxx,rochefort.bottomlesspit.org,Olivier Bilodeau,orwell.freenode.net
Pedr0,mail.univershell.net,Pedro,karatkievich.freenode.net
kmarin,96.127.234.93,Keven Marin,orwell.freenode.net
BlackMaria,dsl.198.58.160.53.ebox.ca,BlackMaria,adams.freenode.net
Unix-Dude,2604:a880:800:10::6ae:b001,unixdude,karatkievich.freenode.net
LostInWeb,178.254.2.238,VP,asimov.freenode.net
sysdef,debiancenter/founder.developer/pdpc.professional.sysdef,J. Heine,verne.freenode.net
McSurfi,freifunk.eu.org,McSurfi,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sammy9600,irc.sammy8806.de,Steven,wilhelm.freenode.net
deem,gateway/shell/uberspace.de/x-unslgxfaqtjwntsr,deem,verne.freenode.net
cyboman33,static.82.251.47.78.clients.your-server.de,Unknown-Command,orwell.freenode.net
Conny,85-22-126-66.ip.dokom21.de,Conny,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sdx23,unaffiliated/sdx23,23,barjavel.freenode.net
datasmurf,unaffiliated/datasmurf,datasmurf,niven.freenode.net
jhr1,melanchthon.jhr-online.de,Jan Hauke Rahm,card.freenode.net
kooldavi,p54BF4D16.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,David,rajaniemi.freenode.net
vitus,unaffiliated/vitus,Ben Maier,adams.freenode.net
Luuubb,unaffiliated/luuubb,lub,,,,orwell.freenode.net
dreamon__,unaffiliated/dreamon,realname,weber.freenode.net
Xjs|moonshine,chrysostomos.aoide.de,Jannis Andrija Schnitzer,leguin.freenode.net
s4msung,karif.server-speed.net,s4msung,verne.freenode.net
CME,ip9234d04d.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,CME,kornbluth.freenode.net
bunyip,unaffiliated/bunyip,----,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
tdjb,2ds.eu,tdjb,asimov.freenode.net
musca,tyrael.eu,musca,karatkievich.freenode.net
koppor,2001:bc8:4400:2100::13:d0f,koppor,wolfe.freenode.net
chf,2001-4dd0-2031-0-21e-8cff-fe49-b69.ipv6dyn.netcologne.de,Christoph Franzen,wilhelm.freenode.net
crane,chat.craneworks.de,Denny Crane,karatkievich.freenode.net
zondan,thomas42.net,Thomas,adams.freenode.net
vinzv,fedora/vinzv,vinzv,asimov.freenode.net
intux,spica.uberspace.de,Frank Luettig,adams.freenode.net
Andreas33,2a01:4f8:d12:140f::2,Andreas,adams.freenode.net
snow_bckspc,ganon.dot-server.net,snow_bckspc,wilhelm.freenode.net
jokrebel,unaffiliated/jokrebel,achim,sinisalo.freenode.net
fford,p2003004C6F472F0044058123615E3632.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,fnord,wilhelm.freenode.net
luchs,unaffiliated/luchs,----,wilhelm.freenode.net
tokage,fsfe/tokage,tokage,rajaniemi.freenode.net
drahti,drahtigelgriller.de,stiel,sinisalo.freenode.net
pinguinpfleger,167.88.46.201,Kai,asimov.freenode.net
peer69,unaffiliated/peer69,Peer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Asoka,akb42.org,"a,card.freenode.net
metaKin,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-wfqqnvidjirtdwhz,its aB,sinisalo.freenode.net
faron,chimeria.ext.pengutronix.de,Björn Lässig,wilhelm.freenode.net
IDoNotKnow,kudu.in-berlin.de,Tony Montana,hitchcock.freenode.net
_tremo,wurzeldiener.jfreitag.de,J�rgen Freitag,sinisalo.freenode.net
bastard_lecturer,dunharg.oss42.net,karsten,wolfe.freenode.net
coffeejunk,3141.eu,coffeejunk,hitchcock.freenode.net
lam0r,kudu.in-berlin.de,lam0r,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
BDick,helium.bdick.de,bernhard,wilhelm.freenode.net
fuut,nirc.fuut.eu,Tom,barjavel.freenode.net
k6ka,wikimedia/k6ka,k6ka,barjavel.freenode.net
tom29739,wikipedia/tom29739,tom29739,wilhelm.freenode.net
Not-e7e8,198.199.82.216,Notifico! - http://n.tkte.ch/,verne.freenode.net
Matthew_,wikimedia/matthewrbowker,matthewrbowker,sinisalo.freenode.net
Tintle,bnc.stormbit.net,Dimichi Cháchara,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
piaget2,wikimedia/bot/piaget,PiagetBot, running Sopel, operated by tom29739.,card.freenode.net
Waggie,wikipedia/Waggie,Waggie,verne.freenode.net
wm-bot3,wikimedia/bot/wm-bot,wm-bot,hitchcock.freenode.net
Benjojo,srv-83.nsa.me.uk,Ben Cox,wilhelm.freenode.net
idr0p,idrjmp.pbugs.pw,idr0p,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ZarkBit,232.107.115.89.rev.vodafone.pt,ZarkBit,tepper.freenode.net
r30ng1n3rd,unaffiliated/r30ng1n3rd,r3,hitchcock.freenode.net
whizz,524A6D41.cm-4-3b.dynamic.ziggo.nl,whizz,karatkievich.freenode.net
SelfishMan_,47.185.209.94,Blaine Fleming,wolfe.freenode.net
SleepyIS1S,46.101.193.200,ISIS,karatkievich.freenode.net
PassTheHash,0-sec.no-ip.org,1,barjavel.freenode.net
studer,37.187.3.99,studer,barjavel.freenode.net
thurmyt3,unaffiliated/thurmyt3,thurmyt3,adams.freenode.net
Dan_au,znc.danscomp.net,Dan,barjavel.freenode.net
Muffins,159.203.221.178,Muffins,niven.freenode.net
futex_,sie57-h01-176-128-148-93.dsl.sta.abo.bbox.fr,futex,,,,weber.freenode.net
MCM-Mike,unaffiliated/mcm-mike,Mike,wolfe.freenode.net
Maverick|MSG,108-196-117-187.lightspeed.brhmal.sbcglobal.net,...,adams.freenode.net
antoine_,62-210-205-190.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Antoine,sinisalo.freenode.net
mak`,lokalhost.pl,mak,kornbluth.freenode.net
dragonroll,alchemist.dopp.net,catalan,karatkievich.freenode.net
w4kfu,w4kfu.com,ut,adams.freenode.net
nex`_,139.59.143.215,nex,orwell.freenode.net
razu,213.184.51.146,zzzz,sinisalo.freenode.net
sebbu,unaffiliated/sebbu,sebbu,tepper.freenode.net
TsCl_,ns314077.ip-37-187-22.eu,Pierre M.,card.freenode.net
deathy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-irgoosiypdfslhos,deathy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
JamieH,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zglwkiwrlxnxtnmh,Jamie,leguin.freenode.net
funabashi,103.219.22.121,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
gelos,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ynpdcznrwnnndcvi,Gelos,adams.freenode.net
Captain_Beezay,funtoo/user/terabit,terabit,wilhelm.freenode.net
RootBSD,r00ted.com,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
KillerInstinct,c-73-135-39-59.hsd1.md.comcast.net,KI,adams.freenode.net
mrparanoid,61.68.45.79,pi,wolfe.freenode.net
polack,gateway/shell/calpolyswift.org/x-ikndahudactrobcl,polack,rajaniemi.freenode.net
twoxyo,2001:41d0:2:3db4::1,MyRealname :),wilhelm.freenode.net
markovh,unaffiliated/markovh,my real name is,card.freenode.net
jekil,nino.lonerunners.net,jekil,adams.freenode.net
b3nw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zqupbhoqehfbtcnw,Ben,karatkievich.freenode.net
BuildTheRobots,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mkwawcdiinmhgetm,Me,wolfe.freenode.net
edx,aha/edx,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
a5m0,unaffiliated/a5m0,a5m0,asimov.freenode.net
kierra,unaffiliated/kierra,Esculapia,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
brad,unaffiliated/brad,brad,sinisalo.freenode.net
Saha,107.191.125.118,Saha,wolfe.freenode.net
sergio-br2,177.33.247.89,S�rgio Benjamim,karatkievich.freenode.net
niouby,95.130.13.198,Morgane Alonso,asimov.freenode.net
Melon_Bread,159.203.169.109,Melon Bread,hitchcock.freenode.net
ThreeM,gateway/shell/uberspace.de/x-navpakqfbvfconns,DonJohnson,leguin.freenode.net
ParkerR,unaffiliated/parkerr,ParkerR,adams.freenode.net
monokrome,54.88.139.115,Bailey Stoner,rajaniemi.freenode.net
SpeedBus,unaffiliated/speedbus,SpeedBus,barjavel.freenode.net
KBme,trurl.r0x0r.me,KBme,adams.freenode.net
teepee,unaffiliated/teepee,teepee,asimov.freenode.net
Vagrant,deprecated.fr,Vagrant,weber.freenode.net
FSWolf,S01060018e7f6ef50.rd.shawcable.net,ryan,hitchcock.freenode.net
robinsmidsrod,rs.smidsrod.no,Robin Smidsrød,niven.freenode.net
vik,vik.io,vik,leguin.freenode.net
Gadgetoid,ip-78-109-177-200.ask4internet.com,Phil,card.freenode.net
piti,pdpc/supporter/active/piti,me,adams.freenode.net
brot,quassel/contributors/brot,brot,weber.freenode.net
Ezi0,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-kcrwrvdharouhayd,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,leguin.freenode.net
floreal,2a01:e34:ec27:8030::1337,Floréal (RPi),adams.freenode.net
SenuxLT,darbe.esu.as,tesiogine translecije...,orwell.freenode.net
Mia,unaffiliated/mia,0,card.freenode.net
AlcaRobot,78-68-206-41-no246.tbcn.telia.com,Alcaro's bot, use !ar help for more information,card.freenode.net
TaoPlyPly,237.175-200-80.adsl-dyn.isp.belgacom.be,TaoPlyPly,card.freenode.net
Almgren,do.debian.tjockfet.se,Almgren,verne.freenode.net
leafybasi,ec2-52-89-143-177.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,leafybasi,adams.freenode.net
lookshe,unaffiliated/lookshe,s.l.,weber.freenode.net
diizzy,h91n1-gl-a-a31.ias.bredband.telia.com,diizzy,wolfe.freenode.net
isp_,unaffiliated/isp-/x-9080545,isp_,card.freenode.net
syepes,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nycegjmbvkiphjda,Sebastian YEPES,wilhelm.freenode.net
djazz,h-155-218.a444.priv.bahnhof.se,djazz,orwell.freenode.net
pmlopes|Zzzz,D47FA2B6.cm-9-1a.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Paulo Lopes,barjavel.freenode.net
Zesty_,unaffiliated/zestybaby,Zesty,asimov.freenode.net
sm0k_,195-154-110-105.rev.poneytelecom.eu,sm0k,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mdrjr,104.236.30.141,Real Name,hitchcock.freenode.net
kapot,host-m84adb.vsg2.zeelandnet.nl,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
xxValium-,c-67-182-160-118.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Eric,niven.freenode.net
RobLoach,drupal.org/user/61114/view,Rob Loach,karatkievich.freenode.net
nemith,cyanogenmod/maintainer/Nemith,bbennett,niven.freenode.net
Lord,zapp.lord.re,Lord,wolfe.freenode.net
thehebs,paleale.coelho.fi,thehebs,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kivutar,95.130.13.198,Jean-André Santoni,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gkeen,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xuayenbnmiwmudxa,gkeen,card.freenode.net
bipolar,offsite.guru,Benjamin Long,hitchcock.freenode.net
ppisati,2-235-152-247.ip228.fastwebnet.it,Paolo Pisati,wolfe.freenode.net
vbmithr,luminar.eu.org,Vincent,rajaniemi.freenode.net
supergonkas,2001:470:1f07:55d::25,whois,karatkievich.freenode.net
Toucan,unaffiliated/toucansam,Toucan Sam,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Pachirisu,unaffiliated/pachirisu,Girly Little Pachirisu Fan Desu~! <3,wolfe.freenode.net
Melody\Concerto,wikipedia/Melody-Concerto,I'm just a ~Girly Girl and a ~Goofy Guy~,adams.freenode.net
[7],rockbox/developer/TheSeven,Michael Sparmann,wilhelm.freenode.net
user890104,unaffiliated/user890104,Vencislav Atanasov,barjavel.freenode.net
gevaerts,rockbox/developer/gevaerts,Frank Gevaerts,orwell.freenode.net
APLU,eva.aplu.fr,Aymeric (and you lost the game),niven.freenode.net
Dgby714,dgby.org,John,rajaniemi.freenode.net
krnlyng,77.116.16.9.wireless.dyn.drei.com,liar,wilhelm.freenode.net
prof_wolfff,82.159.0.123.dyn.user.ono.com,C�stor Mu�oz,card.freenode.net
jan_bee,vpn.janbeerden.be,8,rajaniemi.freenode.net
benedikt93,unaffiliated/benedikt93,Benedikt,verne.freenode.net
[Saint],rockbox/staff/saint,Hayden Pearce,orwell.freenode.net
fmibot,freemyipod.org,freemyipod IRC bot,niven.freenode.net
__builtin,unaffiliated/franklin,__builtin,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Elfish,84.201.30.174,hi!,barjavel.freenode.net
dustinm`,149.56.14.68,dustinm,wolfe.freenode.net
gordon_,nano.smar.fi,gordon,niven.freenode.net
WindPower,perot.me,4096R/974EE250 | https://perot.me/,roddenberry.freenode.net
Smar,freenet/translator/finnish/Smar,Samu Voutilainen,karatkievich.freenode.net
zubzub,trinity.netcat.be,zubzub,wolfe.freenode.net
odin_,2a01:348:261:32:21f:c6ff:fe9b:9b34,Odin,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
makepi,64-121-236-126.c3-0.eas-ubr3.atw-eas.pa.cable.rcn.com,Make Lehigh Valley, http://www.makelehighvalley.co,karatkievich.freenode.net
peejay,hive76/member/peejay,peejay,karatkievich.freenode.net
AndyWojo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ongealbblahdgfsk,Andy Wojnarek,wilhelm.freenode.net
Pennth,rcb-fwall-00.pmacs.upenn.edu,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
gardar,bnc.giraffi.net,gardar,card.freenode.net
Scartozzo,2-238-140-4.ip244.fastwebnet.it,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
MadRat-,c-67-166-82-163.hsd1.or.comcast.net,Adium User,tepper.freenode.net
HelloAtMega,77.81.226.51,You want to know!!!,verne.freenode.net
cyphermox,ubuntu/member/pdpc.supporter.active.cyphermox,Matt Trudel,wilhelm.freenode.net
eric_the_idiot,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-suuawvvfizecdajf,Eric Koegel,sinisalo.freenode.net
Unit193,ubuntu/member/unit193,...The never ending drums,weber.freenode.net
ali1234,2a01:4f8:162:4348::2,Alistair Buxton,adams.freenode.net
nikow,129.ip-51-255-160.eu,nikow,asimov.freenode.net
flexiondotorg,ubuntu/member/flexiondotorg,Martin Wimpress,karatkievich.freenode.net
andrzejr,kurumi.co.uk,Andrzej,asimov.freenode.net
dkessel,ubuntu/member/dkessel,dkessel,wolfe.freenode.net
sorinello_,194.126.146.45,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
pleia2,your.worshipfulness.princessleia.com,Elizabeth K. Joseph,adams.freenode.net
knome,ubuntu/member/knome,Pasi Lallinaho,adams.freenode.net
mcs__,cpc16-hawk12-2-0-cust146.18-1.cable.virginm.net,matthew,leguin.freenode.net
PaulW2U_,ubuntu/member/paulw2u,Paul White,adams.freenode.net
slickymaster,ubuntu/member/slickymaster,slickymaster,card.freenode.net
ubot9,ubuntu/bot/ubot93,Ubuntu OP's bot.,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
davmor2,cpc88265-wolv19-2-0-cust989.16-1.cable.virginm.net,Dave Morley,verne.freenode.net
mhall119,ubuntu/member/mhall119,Michael Hall,barjavel.freenode.net
DalekSec,ubuntu/member/unit193,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
harrow,68.ip-149-56-14.net,harrow,weber.freenode.net
hggdh,ubuntu/member/hggdh,C de-Avillez,orwell.freenode.net
Noskcaj,ubuntu/member/noskcaj,Jackson Doak,niven.freenode.net
flocculant,unaffiliated/flocculant,flocculant,tepper.freenode.net
bryceml,2605:a601:577:b700:1e75:8ff:fe11:8a63,Bryce Larson,wolfe.freenode.net
jjfrv8,pool-108-3-149-115.bltmmd.fios.verizon.net,Jack Fromm,adams.freenode.net
wxl,linuxpadawan/master/wxl,http://polka.bike,adams.freenode.net
yofel,ubuntu/member/yofel,Philip Muskovac,niven.freenode.net
bluesabre,ubuntu/member/bluesabre,Sean Davis,weber.freenode.net
Zren,bas3-guelph22-65-92-33-76.dsl.bell.ca,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
sidi,xfce/design/sidi,steve,adams.freenode.net
akxwi-dave,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mixxkkkzwgjiasfj,Dave Pearson,sinisalo.freenode.net
Zeioth,227.red-80-39-129.dynamicip.rima-tde.net,0xxxxx[:::::::::::::::::::::>,orwell.freenode.net
ubottu,ubuntu/bot/ubottu,Ubuntu IRC Bot,karatkievich.freenode.net
Logan,ubuntu/member/logan,Logan Rosen,wolfe.freenode.net
sorinello,unaffiliated/sorinello,sorinello@Battlestar,wolfe.freenode.net
astraljava,hilla.kapsi.fi,astraljava,wolfe.freenode.net
sakrecoer,basspistol/sakrecoer,Set Sakrecoer,wolfe.freenode.net
paolo,unaffiliated/paolo,Paolo Dina,adams.freenode.net
a5m0,unaffiliated/a5m0,a5m0,asimov.freenode.net
krytarik,xebian/developer/krytarik,Krytarik Raido,wilhelm.freenode.net
ubuntulog,ubuntu/bot/ubuntulog,log bot:: contact rt@ubuntu.com,adams.freenode.net
ochosi,xfce/core-developer/ochosi,Simon Steinbeiss,wilhelm.freenode.net
meetingology,ubuntu/bot/meetingology,meetingology,tepper.freenode.net
nanotube,unaffiliated/nanotube,nanotube,asimov.freenode.net
SwissBot,botters/Unit193/bot/SwissBot,The monster under your bed,asimov.freenode.net
Nothing4You,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
halcyon,ip-118-90-75-194.xdsl.xnet.co.nz,New Now Know How,hitchcock.freenode.net
PeperPots,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-exoajbaykdxyhfeo,Jasmine,wilhelm.freenode.net
Cyber-WarDaddy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dsliwrhkdiantpej,Derek Thomas,niven.freenode.net
artifact,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eafqoygljvkgdjyw,question time,wolfe.freenode.net
wxs,freebsd/developer/wxs,Wesley Shields,orwell.freenode.net
b3nw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zqupbhoqehfbtcnw,Ben,karatkievich.freenode.net
antoine_,62-210-205-190.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Antoine,sinisalo.freenode.net
stonHu,199.180.252.251,stonHu,orwell.freenode.net
gelos,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ynpdcznrwnnndcvi,Gelos,adams.freenode.net
apollo79_,brownie.whatbox.ca,Nope,card.freenode.net
malwar3hun73r,unaffiliated/malwar3hun73r,malwar3hun73r,weber.freenode.net
razu,213.184.51.146,zzzz,sinisalo.freenode.net
GNU\Jack,212.245.196.77.rev.sfr.net,Jack Holborn,barjavel.freenode.net
BeeBob,unaffiliated/beebob,Bouh,wolfe.freenode.net
Lulzon,104.207.140.138,Lulzon,asimov.freenode.net
mr_rich102,104.207.140.138,mr_rich101,orwell.freenode.net
KriegerCleanse,104.207.140.138,reisen,wolfe.freenode.net
darkmushroom,104.207.140.138,darkmushroom,hitchcock.freenode.net
Mc_Se,pise.hostmask.de,McSurfi,wolfe.freenode.net
Mc_Grz,pigrz.hostmask.de,McSurfi,adams.freenode.net
McSurfi,freifunk.eu.org,McSurfi,wilhelm.freenode.net
Mc_Rzs,tux.hostmask.de,McSurfi,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
johndev,2a01:4f8:c17:114::2,John Dev,wilhelm.freenode.net
RT|AO,mirbsd/mksh-user/rtao,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
TD-Linux,about/essy/indecisive/TD-Linux,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
wbs,77.234.104.34,Martin Storsjö,barjavel.freenode.net
dlb76,unaffiliated/dlb76,dlb76,rajaniemi.freenode.net
BradleyS,99-37-7-27.lightspeed.bcvloh.sbcglobal.net,BradleyS,tepper.freenode.net
libavbug,194.116.76.34,Supybot 0.83.4.1,verne.freenode.net
nevcairiel,WoWUIDev/WoWAce/Ace3/nevcairiel,Hendrik,leguin.freenode.net
pengvado,akuvian.org,el pinguino malvado,adams.freenode.net
Akira^^_,KD113159196223.ppp-bb.dion.ne.jp,Akira,adams.freenode.net
cbsrobot,89.217.14.46.static.wline.lns.sme.cust.swisscom.ch,cbsrobot,weber.freenode.net
muken,p1780048-ipngn16101marunouchi.tokyo.ocn.ne.jp,Yusuke Nakamura,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ritsuka,209.141.45.253,Damiano Galassi,asimov.freenode.net
courmisch,ns207790.ip-94-23-215.eu,Rémi Denis-Courmont,adams.freenode.net
RiCON,fsbn.eu,wut,verne.freenode.net
Guest85707,2001:41d0:1:7ea7::1,koda,karatkievich.freenode.net
TheRyuu,unaffiliated/theryuu,TheRyuu,card.freenode.net
pigoz,ns379744.ip-5-196-70.eu,pigoz,orwell.freenode.net
lu_zero,gentoo/developer/lu-zero,lu_zero,verne.freenode.net
Sean_McG,unaffiliated/sean-mcg/x-5334961,Wouldn't you like to know?,asimov.freenode.net
ubitux,pkh.me,ubitux,karatkievich.freenode.net
colde,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pdzgxzoqyowdnxex,Loke Dupont,orwell.freenode.net
Gramner,81-227-53-67-no27.tbcn.telia.com,Gramner,card.freenode.net
drv,oak.drv.nu,Daniel Verkamp,niven.freenode.net
ocrete,unaffiliated/ocrete,Olivier Crete,barjavel.freenode.net
decoder,46.4.109.83,decoder,orwell.freenode.net
Plorkyeran,plorkyeran.com,Plorkyeran,orwell.freenode.net
av500,2003:a:174:e400:224:8cff:fe9f:d658,av500,wolfe.freenode.net
sasshka,violette.khirnov.net,alexandra,weber.freenode.net
reynaldo,tesla.opendot.cl,rverdejo,verne.freenode.net
oorm,188.226.170.11,no,karatkievich.freenode.net
merbanan,mail.intenogroup.com,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
stianse,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vhkgrzslwfvtznnp,Stian Selnes,wolfe.freenode.net
irock,c-3b26e455.012-284-73746f71.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,Oskar Arvidsson,leguin.freenode.net
libsci,unaffiliated/libsci,Lib Sci,adams.freenode.net
maxim_d33,unaffiliated/maxim-d33/x-0884399,MaxD,wilhelm.freenode.net
irsol,unaffiliated/contempt,irsol,adams.freenode.net
JEEB,unaffiliated/jeeb,Jan E,wolfe.freenode.net
Zor,3e6bfa5e.rev.stofanet.dk,alexrp,verne.freenode.net
mixi,exherbo/developer/mixi,mixi,card.freenode.net
j-b,storm.l0cal.com,Jean-Baptiste KEMPF,verne.freenode.net
ZynX-aww_,swedishhost.har.teamspeak3.se,ZynX,weber.freenode.net
j0sh__,li95-163.members.linode.com,Josh Allmann,asimov.freenode.net
tmatth,cable-173.246.2-21.ebox.ca,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
Shiz,hydrogenium.shiz.me,Shiz,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hive-mind,67.53.153.59,hivemind,karatkievich.freenode.net
ShadowJK,212.7.198.194,jk,card.freenode.net
jannau,soltyk.jannau.net,Janne Grunau,card.freenode.net
funman,rockbox/developer/funman,Rafaël Carré,wolfe.freenode.net
moser,14.146.32.156,...,hitchcock.freenode.net
kasper93,unaffiliated/kasper93,kasper93,orwell.freenode.net
Kovensky,kasumi.kovnsk.net,Diogo Franco,niven.freenode.net
feepk,videolan/developer/feepk,Felix Paul Kühne,barjavel.freenode.net
DonDiego,aftr-88-153-7-134.unity-media.net,Diego Biurrun,hitchcock.freenode.net
smarter,ubuntu/member/smarter,Guillaume Martres,adams.freenode.net
andoma,zebes.lonelycoder.com,Andreas Smas,tepper.freenode.net
rcombs,irc.rcombs.me,Rodger Combs,sinisalo.freenode.net
boiled_sugar,245.181.210.220.dy.bbexcite.jp,boiled_sugar,sinisalo.freenode.net
relaxed,unaffiliated/relaxed,relaxed,verne.freenode.net
_av500_,lgf.archos.com,av500,orwell.freenode.net
ePirat,unaffiliated/epirat,ePirat,niven.freenode.net
dustinm`,149.56.14.68,dustinm,wolfe.freenode.net
gluytium,45.63.76.107,is a fictional supervillain,card.freenode.net
spaam,lighttpd/spaam,johan,adams.freenode.net
blb,unaffiliated/bryno,b,sinisalo.freenode.net
jkqxz,jkqxz.net,MRT,card.freenode.net
Anssi,kodi/staff/anssi,Anssi Hannula,verne.freenode.net
thresh,videolan/developer/thresh,Konstantin Pavlov,niven.freenode.net
roxlu,185.85.81.6,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
_stowa,static.177.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,hitchcock.freenode.net
RT|Chatzilla,reactos/tester/RT,N/A,tepper.freenode.net
superdump,unaffiliated/superdump,Robert Swain,wolfe.freenode.net
astrange,opendarwin/developer/feanor,Alexander Strange,hitchcock.freenode.net
kierank,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hmxjmexlxlhkpwxn,Kieran Kunhya,niven.freenode.net
ifb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wbggdxkwxvfxpcpj,ifb,wolfe.freenode.net
lCIA-54,aruru.libav.org,https://github.com/ehamberg/simple-gitbot,niven.freenode.net
elenril,lain.red.khirnov.net,Anton Khirnov,karatkievich.freenode.net
uau,dsl-hkibrasgw1-58c08f-126.dhcp.inet.fi,uau,adams.freenode.net
bofh_,corn-syrup.csclub.uwaterloo.ca,bofh,wolfe.freenode.net
dro_bot,182-166-157-196f1.kyt1.eonet.ne.jp,dro_bot,rajaniemi.freenode.net
j45,wsip-70-164-99-62.sd.sd.cox.net,John Stebbins,leguin.freenode.net
Kei_N,unaffiliated/kei/x-756452,User,asimov.freenode.net
Myrsloik,kimsufi.warpsharp.info,Myr Sloik,wolfe.freenode.net
gnafu,catfish.xiph.osuosl.org,Gideon Mayhak,sinisalo.freenode.net
KotH,erica.kinali.ch,Attila Kinali,adams.freenode.net
Timothy_Gu,wikipedia/timothy-gu,Timothy Gu,rajaniemi.freenode.net
_jannau_,soltyk.jannau.net,Janne,orwell.freenode.net
deanlin,2610:130:101:d00:1480:ad9:2ea0:27ce,Dean Lin,karatkievich.freenode.net
clouseau,drupal.org/user/2375/view,John VanDyk,adams.freenode.net
aronnax,2610:130:103:800:1a66:daff:fe31:c32b,Realnax,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zenln,2610:130:103:800:5553:4ea3:90ee:ca40,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
campusnax,b40-1.nat.iastate.edu,realname,card.freenode.net
snehring,c12-c14-2.nat.iastate.edu,arealname,leguin.freenode.net
dorminus,2610:130:102:400:9a90:96ff:fed3:c3a2,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jrearick,2610:130:103:c00:5d32:3a9a:6e1f:9083,John Rearick,wilhelm.freenode.net
njbooher,129.186.252.179,njbooher,tepper.freenode.net
Corpus_C,71-87-255-106.dhcp.jcsn.tn.charter.com,realname,verne.freenode.net
StrikerMan780,blk-11-110-80.eastlink.ca,Striker,karatkievich.freenode.net
MrVaporeon,vaporeon.io,Vaporeon,wilhelm.freenode.net
hmmmm,pool-72-79-166-50.sctnpa.east.verizon.net,dfgadf,weber.freenode.net
zu_,ks387228.kimsufi.com,zu,barjavel.freenode.net
Licher,forbidden.place,Licher,hitchcock.freenode.net
_EGAce,aftr-95-222-25-92.unity-media.net,sonykay,hitchcock.freenode.net
clobber,2604:a880:800:10::1c4c:e001,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
TypoNe,ip-109.98.175.95.finhosting.fi,itsme yaknow,leguin.freenode.net
bitbomb,192.187.121.98,bitbomb,orwell.freenode.net
MarchHare,mo-76-0-41-1.dhcp.embarqhsd.net,Eddi Adami,weber.freenode.net
Ryan_Cordell,93-103-67-179.dynamic.t-2.net,ryancordell,wilhelm.freenode.net
oasiz,memorex.lerppu.net,oasiz,karatkievich.freenode.net
hobblinharry,2601:902:c000:a5d:f113:a192:c59c:7ed7,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
pmw,kk4.fi,Petteri W.,adams.freenode.net
CookieJar,wnklmb01dc1-187-252.dynamic.mtsallstream.net,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
Not-ba84,198.199.82.216,Notifico! - http://n.tkte.ch/,asimov.freenode.net
Plagman,gw.valvesoftware.com,Pierre-Loup,verne.freenode.net
Hypnotoad90,cpc83559-brig19-2-0-cust889.3-3.cable.virginm.net,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
terminx,173-16-252-20.client.mchsi.com,terminx,barjavel.freenode.net
Daedolon,85-23-6-143.bb.dnainternet.fi,Daedolon,sinisalo.freenode.net
Kyle873,198-48-236-154.cpe.pppoe.ca,realname,weber.freenode.net
Plagman_,steroid.plagman.net,Pierre-Loup,sinisalo.freenode.net
kode54,losno.co,Christopher Snowhill,card.freenode.net
Hendricks266,c-98-228-49-148.hsd1.il.comcast.net,Hendricks266,orwell.freenode.net
ElMisfito,cpe-76-189-195-117.neo.res.rr.com,...,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Minigunner,174.33.172.219,Andrew Rowlodge,card.freenode.net
Mblackwell,67-4-225-94.mpls.qwest.net,jon,verne.freenode.net
meleemario,c-73-234-87-98.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,Tyler,tepper.freenode.net
Tribeam,68-114-121-29.dhcp.slid.la.charter.com,Tribeam,sinisalo.freenode.net
_Fungus_,63.155.52.95,Fungus,wilhelm.freenode.net
rhoenie,6464.at,Marcus Herbert,orwell.freenode.net
Mateos,132.213.177.43,...,sinisalo.freenode.net
pdq,unaffiliated/pdq,pdq,sinisalo.freenode.net
Freijo,coffee.modeemi.fi,Eric Hartin,weber.freenode.net
jeremyp3,2001:41d0:fe3b:1:3c08:27ff:fe8e:e213,jeremyp3,wilhelm.freenode.net
robertf,ottmar.fredericrobert.be,Frederic Robert,adams.freenode.net
landegave,140-78-190-109.dsl.ovh.fr,unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
Texou,unaffiliated/texou,Texou,adams.freenode.net
irina__,182.255.123.78.rev.sfr.net,New Now Know How,weber.freenode.net
youpi,2a01:cb19:181:c200:3602:86ff:fe2c:6a19,Samuel Thibault,niven.freenode.net
ksamak,los75-4-88-190-86-116.fbxo.proxad.net,ksamak,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Triskel,ircaddict.org,No Name,asimov.freenode.net
Centurion_Dan1,office.centurion.net.nz,Centurion,asimov.freenode.net
jotun,2001:41d0:e:275::1,Ioppo Lappa,karatkievich.freenode.net
avocado``,2a03:b0c0:0:1010::20a:e001,avocado,wolfe.freenode.net
zama,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,zama,karatkievich.freenode.net
KatolaZ,146.185.180.88,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
ratoder,static.111.19.201.138.clients.your-server.de, Java IRC Bot,asimov.freenode.net
Sammy9600,irc.sammy8806.de,Steven,wilhelm.freenode.net
jaromil,unaffiliated/jaromil,Jaromil,orwell.freenode.net
blueness,gentoo/developer/blueness,Anthony G. Basile,niven.freenode.net
ksx4system,eris.mgst.eu,Krzysztof Staniorowski,orwell.freenode.net
hunger,kde/developer/hunger,Tobias Hunger,leguin.freenode.net
rrq,60-242-139-200.static.tpgi.com.au,ralph,adams.freenode.net
oldlaptop,162.247.150.37,oldlaptop,verne.freenode.net
cgraf,usve8041.vserver.de,cgraf,orwell.freenode.net
parazyd,unaffiliated/parazyd,parazyd,wilhelm.freenode.net
Scartozzo,2-238-140-4.ip244.fastwebnet.it,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
hellekin,unaffiliated/hellekin,http://hellekin.dyne.org,barjavel.freenode.net
Irrwahn,dune.latice.de,yottemitte,kornbluth.freenode.net
devuanci,unaffiliated/nextime,PircBotX 1.9, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bot,adams.freenode.net
Centurion_Dan,office.centurion.net.nz,Centurion,card.freenode.net
rafalcpp,84-10-11-234.static.chello.pl,Rafal Cpp,tepper.freenode.net
Lydia_K,li328-145.members.linode.com,Lydia K,orwell.freenode.net
MinceR,unaffiliated/mincer,.: Mincer Lightbringer :.,niven.freenode.net
fiyawerx,c-174-60-237-128.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,fiyawerx,hitchcock.freenode.net
zman099,ip68-96-83-80.oc.oc.cox.net,...,verne.freenode.net
zkxs,ip98-179-236-93.tu.ok.cox.net,Michael,niven.freenode.net
Beardless_One,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lncvfnlflvhogzuw,Beardless_One_,wilhelm.freenode.net
dregol,ec2-52-207-247-3.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Look Ma, A ZNC,barjavel.freenode.net
Chank,unaffiliated/chankster,Chankster,adams.freenode.net
blinky42,jabber.blinkylight.net,blinky,leguin.freenode.net
Occulus2057,24-113-48-48.wavecable.com,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Kurokin,pool-96-247-192-5.clppva.fios.verizon.net,realname,tepper.freenode.net
MillerBoss,107.191.50.190,Boss Miller,asimov.freenode.net
Nemesis94,99-198-161-11.mci.googlefiber.net,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Afteraffekt,unaffiliated/afteraffekt,Travis,weber.freenode.net
NJL,unaffiliated/oogaboogabooga,NJL,hitchcock.freenode.net
TheOP,mail.savagedata.com,purple,wilhelm.freenode.net
dolanborn,198-84-145-235.cpe.teksavvy.com,purple,asimov.freenode.net
Inuktitu1,irc.stevenisms.com,svchost,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
dbladez,unaffiliated/dbladez,dbladez,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Debra,wikipedia/MZMcBride,Well open up your mind and see like me.,card.freenode.net
CKoerner_WMF,wikimedia/CKoerner-WMF,Chris Koerner,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
jacobe,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hgeokluygrsnwuio,JuiceSSH Developer,adams.freenode.net
Rodericus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pkaxabquwtewatcs,Rōderīcus, -ī,adams.freenode.net
muskrat,trivialand/player/muskrat,Tam Rusk,adams.freenode.net
barq,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-azoagbtfnxzvopnn,barq,verne.freenode.net
blacki,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-ezlbvexzacaohvtg,LayerBNC - At Your Fingertips!,wolfe.freenode.net
darvon,107.191.100.185,darvon,wilhelm.freenode.net
XDS2010,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-npgfvvkpmjmulcya,XAVIER,wolfe.freenode.net
chronodekar,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zxxyyostpxtsabhd,chronodekar,wilhelm.freenode.net
HarryCross2,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pfdvisbcodijxlnl,Harry Cross,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Steinsplitter,wikimedia/Steinsplitter,Steinsplitter,adams.freenode.net
ELLIOTTCABLE,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qkatvegbxzvtudpe,Elliott Cable,sinisalo.freenode.net
vectr0n|cloud,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-njdlogegzaaiagdd,Ken,barjavel.freenode.net
kdavyd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-aqzuiojewmvquvrm,Kirill Davydychev,wilhelm.freenode.net
hieplq,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fzntjakgrzdgeecn,hieplq,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MrC,mrbenc.net,Ben,asimov.freenode.net
jaydoane,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mezxlxkngaibyrlo,Jay Doane,wolfe.freenode.net
hugo___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wlwcnewlfobfewqj,Hugo Lindström,wilhelm.freenode.net
kode54,losno.co,Christopher Snowhill,card.freenode.net
MarkAtwood,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nkqflvrwjjcfkdsa,Mark Atwood,weber.freenode.net
kutenai,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-slovewdqwssplglc,Ed Henderson,karatkievich.freenode.net
GravitaZ,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-afhcjgdrifhtmxqt,umoms,wolfe.freenode.net
foamz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gvxibsyatsqsyquw,johndoe1111,wolfe.freenode.net
lipoqil,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ultbchncgwvmjoal,Mailo Světel,wilhelm.freenode.net
raSter^,01111010.01101110.01100011.firrre.com,rrrasterrr,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rhettigan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pzxlguceikpakdzb,Colin Dean,wolfe.freenode.net
hekman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wqcrqixqbiqdhpcz,Ben Belchak,hitchcock.freenode.net
j`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qrrtwpywwkhzdvmw,j,wilhelm.freenode.net
UncleRuckus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qiuzyielokrtokup,Amar Rajvanshi,wolfe.freenode.net
kireevco,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jneiddsxlcmqmycq,Dmitry Kireev,wilhelm.freenode.net
firstlast,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ruqxjxwhtkhznjnh,firstlast2,wilhelm.freenode.net
jwheare,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ebjglxzmwixdgcmj,James Wheare,adams.freenode.net
`DiM,dim.st,Dima,adams.freenode.net
htols,htols.net,sloth,card.freenode.net
jq,unaffiliated/jq-,Jordan Koch,adams.freenode.net
Mantrain,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-frtivjsvrfrrfxzl,Andreas,adams.freenode.net
ElizaRei,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zchwrpiimbrymzky,ElizaRei,wolfe.freenode.net
GIANT_CRAB,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xryuovxjulaewoji,Huiren Woo,wolfe.freenode.net
iorec,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pxduekqrqkcvaapw,joreg,barjavel.freenode.net
snkcld,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jxjnelgogpxeeqfg,john doe,wilhelm.freenode.net
QWERTYnamouse,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bhdyxvhbgxpxayrj,Dan LaFlan,adams.freenode.net
ViTZrO,27.102.206.9,Hello world,wolfe.freenode.net
BaW,unaffiliated/baw,BaW,weber.freenode.net
PlasmaStar,unaffiliated/plasmastar,Jamie,hitchcock.freenode.net
sigkell,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kivisiamcaqpvqua,Fionn Kelleher,adams.freenode.net
Joran,178.62.81.193,Got ZNC?,kornbluth.freenode.net
ajm203,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xebqwnhrqnvvadbs,andy,karatkievich.freenode.net
danlentz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ewqjxyudkmwetmtg,danlentz,wolfe.freenode.net
pfallenop,unaffiliated/contempt,paralela,rajaniemi.freenode.net
e38383,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jdvjeuruclxvhwfg,Uwe,karatkievich.freenode.net
DaGardner,unaffiliated/dagardner,DaGardner,weber.freenode.net
xMopxShell,192.95.23.134,xMopxShell,asimov.freenode.net
cache`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-odhrbfqviwjosybd,cache,wilhelm.freenode.net
ohama,cicolina.org,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
vectr0n,unaffiliated/vectr0n,Ken,orwell.freenode.net
Orangez,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sxhbfmmlimspfaxm,Orangez,niven.freenode.net
ijmad,latte.stronger.coffee,Ian,orwell.freenode.net
esep,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lgwrapriibcdfrpy,esep,adams.freenode.net
trobotham,2602:ffb0:4:d55::1,nitemare,rajaniemi.freenode.net
DarkMukke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bbzmrmvwjcpvzghg,Mukke,rajaniemi.freenode.net
RJ2,pdpc/supporter/professional/rj2,Richard Jones,card.freenode.net
Scourje,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mgwoykwgefxfzapx,Artyom Korbut,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
FurryRC,cvn/bot/FurryRC,None,orwell.freenode.net
I_am_not_me,wikipedia/inclusivedisjunction,Jordan,niven.freenode.net
Austin___,cpc92668-nrte31-2-0-cust507.8-4.cable.virginm.net,Austin Seagers,karatkievich.freenode.net
r04r,unaffiliated/r04r,r04r,asimov.freenode.net
zerkalo,ny1.hashbang.sh,myricae,adams.freenode.net
hecliunyx,45.63.76.107,hecliunyx,leguin.freenode.net
StathisA,unaffiliated/stathisa,SA,leguin.freenode.net
Syco54645,c-73-79-219-31.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,frank,adams.freenode.net
nathani,2607:f2f8:ac88::,nathani,niven.freenode.net
Dalton,unaffiliated/dalton,Dalton,hitchcock.freenode.net
resno,cpe-24-211-232-80.nc.res.rr.com,^_^,barjavel.freenode.net
midgetspy,poke.sickbeard.com,Midget Spy,wolfe.freenode.net
_flake,unaffiliated/-flake/x-8546845,cornflake,adams.freenode.net
beencubed,209.131.238.248,realname,adams.freenode.net
hfb,cpe-108-185-247-93.socal.res.rr.com,hfb,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Heliwr,pdpc/supporter/student/heliwr,Heliwr,asimov.freenode.net
sndb,komori.sandbag.in,meh,barjavel.freenode.net
VinceVal,unaffiliated/vinceval,Vince Valenti,weber.freenode.net
Clorith,irc.clorith.net,marius,wolfe.freenode.net
Beatstreet,69.195.141.50,mIRC,niven.freenode.net
Herk,forsyth.dreamhost.com,Herk,hitchcock.freenode.net
FrankZZ,unaffiliated/frankzz,FrankZZ,adams.freenode.net
buzzkill,unaffiliated/buzzkill,foobar@nowhere.com,card.freenode.net
SmallwoodDR82,unaffiliated/smallwooddr82,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
GuntherDW,quadran.system33.be,GuntherDW,weber.freenode.net
uZer42,unaffiliated/uzer42,admin,card.freenode.net
Ox2A,brokenflower.org,reallife,asimov.freenode.net
yorick,oftn/oswg-member/yorick,Yorick,barjavel.freenode.net
RaNa,174-135-69-39.res.bhn.net,RaNa,karatkievich.freenode.net
Rawh,92.63.169.237,Aefa5f,barjavel.freenode.net
Gangorn,c-67-175-67-54.hsd1.il.comcast.net,Gangorn,barjavel.freenode.net
devnu11,devnu11.org,devnu11,wilhelm.freenode.net
mybalzitch,shellbox.fastdns.ca,User Sheppard,card.freenode.net
Ommand,192.241.191.119,ommand,hitchcock.freenode.net
\malex\,unaffiliated/malex/x-000000001,weechat,niven.freenode.net
ambr,whatevz.net,Brett Pemberton,asimov.freenode.net
mave_,unaffiliated/mave/x-8614856,Marcel,wilhelm.freenode.net
_zoggy_,unaffiliated/-zoggy-/x-6147521,FullName,barjavel.freenode.net
_Trullo,h-53-230.a357.priv.bahnhof.se,guff33,verne.freenode.net
nethershaw,unaffiliated/nethershaw,ora pro pluvis.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dano5,123.109-247-22.customer.lyse.net,Got ZNC?,leguin.freenode.net
Onigiri,S01060017a43ce0f5.su.shawcable.net,jd,wilhelm.freenode.net
mofo-x,crackedby.us,Azrael da Great Mofo,karatkievich.freenode.net
TheHound,heimans.eu,TheHound,barjavel.freenode.net
FatalFUUU,esdf.uk,fatalfuuu,rajaniemi.freenode.net
DelphicOkami_,helheim.hrafn.xyz,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
jdb,unaffiliated/jdb,Jason Birch,orwell.freenode.net
sandah,cpe-67-243-139-71.nyc.res.rr.com,Sander,barjavel.freenode.net
irv,unaffiliated/irv,irv,weber.freenode.net
Tenhi,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,Kauan,sinisalo.freenode.net
Stifler,unaffiliated/-stifler/x-1259860,Stifler,niven.freenode.net
Namidairo,unaffiliated/namidairo,Oh Hai Thar,roddenberry.freenode.net
RustyB,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zzqemkjzcvkjxmby,Rusty,adams.freenode.net
adam111316,unaffiliated/adam111316,Adam,hitchcock.freenode.net
danopia,fullcirclemagazine/developer/danopia,Daniel Lamando,adams.freenode.net
ll,2607:5300:60:2a14::1,bandito,wilhelm.freenode.net
JackDandy,unaffiliated/jackdandy,Mind Yer Own,barjavel.freenode.net
dick,192.227.232.150,dick,orwell.freenode.net
silne,ppp189-131.static.internode.on.net,Sandra M.,orwell.freenode.net
pmow,unaffiliated/pmow,pmow,wolfe.freenode.net
Nemaster2,S0106c8fb26553cee.mh.shawcable.net,Nemaster,wilhelm.freenode.net
dougquaid,pool-72-73-16-199.clppva.fios.verizon.net,doug,verne.freenode.net
Maximusi,80.229.132.105,Max Carpenter,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nhasian,ubuntu/member/nhasian,nhasian,barjavel.freenode.net
Pondering42,107.188.196.130,Elwë Minyatur,niven.freenode.net
ozymandias_,libre.theyareafter.us,ozy mandias,asimov.freenode.net
butcha,unaffiliated/butcha,butcha,wilhelm.freenode.net
KrissO,cm-84.209.9.155.getinternet.no,KrissO,leguin.freenode.net
screedo,2001:19f0:1613:f3::318b:fb58,screedo,leguin.freenode.net
MaliutaLap,unaffiliated/maliuta,None of your Business,roddenberry.freenode.net
[SLiM]D12,kamino.doesntexist.org,slimshady,asimov.freenode.net
harrow,68.ip-149-56-14.net,harrow,weber.freenode.net
XykoZ,irc.bridgingtechnology.com.au,...,wolfe.freenode.net
riker77,ip-84-119-164-186.unity-media.net,Ron,tepper.freenode.net
bobey6,dialup-208-47-125-33.res.monar.ch,bobey6,asimov.freenode.net
RoChess,cpe-184-56-182-132.neo.res.rr.com,RoChess,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nate1280,2001:41d0:a:35f::1,just some random person,wolfe.freenode.net
dewlap,2601:192:8802:b8d5:491e:551a:92c1:69ec,dewlap,karatkievich.freenode.net
paranoid,v6.paranoid.pk,e-tard,rajaniemi.freenode.net
doppo,2604:180::e0fc:a07f,doppo,karatkievich.freenode.net
MiX-MaN,45.63.77.20,mix-man,sinisalo.freenode.net
foamz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gvxibsyatsqsyquw,johndoe1111,wolfe.freenode.net
Netty,mail.hyperion-project.org,Netty,niven.freenode.net
percY-,138.68.7.139,percY,wilhelm.freenode.net
Ouzo_12,dhcp1343-bu.ouzo12.dk,Store tykke doere,sinisalo.freenode.net
JohnnyricoMC,unaffiliated/johnnyricomc,Matthias Vandegaer,barjavel.freenode.net
Conjuro,valderen.conjuro.net,Bo,tepper.freenode.net
Chipdancer,prince-george.dreamhost.com,the Chipdancer,asimov.freenode.net
johnnyfive,unaffiliated/isalive,The better version.,wolfe.freenode.net
justache,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wdlvokosrlmnlydz,justache,karatkievich.freenode.net
mmi,2a01:8800:0:250::103,mmi,wolfe.freenode.net
Lazuruz,nimbus.lazix.net,Austin,karatkievich.freenode.net
Afterster,morkxy.com,Afterster,asimov.freenode.net
obli-AWAY,62.27.85.48,Oblivious One,wilhelm.freenode.net
dan6a___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dqjjyrnsnvrisvgo,Dan J,wilhelm.freenode.net
John_,unaffiliated/johnclay,John,asimov.freenode.net
ghavil,unaffiliated/geekatcomputers,Wouldn't you like to know...,orwell.freenode.net
Rickster,2001:41d0:a:f789::1,Rick,sinisalo.freenode.net
devhost_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lnyhknrhenuzplhx,devhost,karatkievich.freenode.net
damox,terrorbyt.es,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
lexAngeles,ec2-52-90-90-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Lex Angeles,card.freenode.net
johnb003,c-98-207-205-209.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,John B,wilhelm.freenode.net
Xceed,unaffiliated/xceed,Expectations,kornbluth.freenode.net
Cybertinus,cybertinus.customer.cloud.nl,Cybertinus,niven.freenode.net
cliles,ip70-189-165-7.lv.lv.cox.net,cliles,weber.freenode.net
tolecnal,france.xiro.net,Old Grumpy Fart,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Malmis,h-155-4-131-83.na.cust.bahnhof.se,Malmis,roddenberry.freenode.net
beardface,unaffiliated/bearface,bearface,sinisalo.freenode.net
devilspgd,wtf.thedave.ca,Dave,adams.freenode.net
koss,koss.downlink.org,koss,adams.freenode.net
SickBot,catbread.info,/msg chanserv hello,karatkievich.freenode.net
Mullet,xd.informatik.uni-erlangen.de,Mullet,rajaniemi.freenode.net
BooK,94.23.198.203,book,wolfe.freenode.net
ingy,104.236.228.44,ingy,verne.freenode.net
lukhas,bearstech/lukhas,lucas,asimov.freenode.net
maddingue,spectre.mongueurs.net,Sebastien Aperghis-Tramoni,weber.freenode.net
gawel,amandine.bearstech.com,gael,niven.freenode.net
juni0r,mogwai.anicet.com,anicet,card.freenode.net
number80,fedora/number80,80,weber.freenode.net
benwilson512,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-djmgnavekboxieft,Ben Wilson,rajaniemi.freenode.net
alisdair,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-arhaemolqpwmvjsj,alisdair sullivan,wolfe.freenode.net
olinkl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hneocymjcrpaopkw,olinkl,hitchcock.freenode.net
fishcakez,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jjrvodqbddlrgqjz,James Fish,wolfe.freenode.net
munchausen,myrtle.kent.ac.uk,E.Robbins,barjavel.freenode.net
pixdamix,unaffiliated/pixdamix,pix,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
HeTo,battery.modeemi.fi,Henri Vettenranta,adams.freenode.net
Paradox,reddit/admins/paradox,herp derp,card.freenode.net
ggreer,unaffiliated/angryparsley,Geoff Greer,tepper.freenode.net
ybden,unaffiliated/ybden,Ralph Holmes,leguin.freenode.net
nekomune,comfy.moe,Compile. Conform. Perform.,asimov.freenode.net
floobot,ec2-52-11-16-225.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Floobits bot,card.freenode.net
jdhore,gentoo/developer/jdhore,JD,weber.freenode.net
gajus,unaffiliated/gajus,Gajus,adams.freenode.net
libussa,unaffiliated/libussa,libussa,hitchcock.freenode.net
hydraz,unaffiliated/demhydraz,Matheus A.,asimov.freenode.net
madix,april/staff/madix,Frederic Couchet,wilhelm.freenode.net
_domi_,ams80-1-82-246-87-244.fbx.proxad.net,Dominique Rousseau,weber.freenode.net
kolter,gendo.asyd.net,Emmanuel Bouthenot,wilhelm.freenode.net
relrod,redhat/relrod,rickymain,asimov.freenode.net
nsoranzo,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.149.155.222.206,nsoranzo,hitchcock.freenode.net
shiltemann,gateway-1-17.erasmusmc.nl,saskia,,,,niven.freenode.net
erasche,cpt.tamu.edu,Eric Rasche,barjavel.freenode.net
dblank,dblankenberg.org,dblank,weber.freenode.net
g2roboto,aimlessbydesign.com,nodeJS IRC client,card.freenode.net
bmpvieira,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bqwffgholyledrcj,bmpvieira,wilhelm.freenode.net
nikolaiv,markov.uio.no,Nikolay Aleksandrov Vazov,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jmchilton,li223-165.members.linode.com,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
pelegreno___,107.170.175.57,cinch,niven.freenode.net
fbristow,brant.cs.umanitoba.ca,realname,weber.freenode.net
gvk,nat.ics.psu.edu,Greg Von Kuster,orwell.freenode.net
maximumsteve,silverback.ucsd.edu,sweaver,wolfe.freenode.net
jxtx,jamestaylor.org,James Taylor,karatkievich.freenode.net
mrscribe,www.scribus.net,mrscribe,weber.freenode.net
JCabral,remote.corefacility.ca,Jen Cabral,sinisalo.freenode.net
malex,pdpc/supporter/student/malex,OM,leguin.freenode.net
natefoo,enospc.org,Nate Coraor,card.freenode.net
flu,conger.bio.indiana.edu,Josh Goodman,weber.freenode.net
einonm,81.174.139.2,Mark Einon,wolfe.freenode.net
trondth,5.1.85.113,Trond Thorbjørnsen,adams.freenode.net
dannon,aimlessbydesign.com,dannon,karatkievich.freenode.net
[o__o],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me,verne.freenode.net
pescobar,unaffiliated/pescobar,pescobar,barjavel.freenode.net
bwlang,24.91.227.0,Brad Langhorst,tepper.freenode.net
nturaga,scofield.galaxyproject.org,nturaga,karatkievich.freenode.net
dave_b,2001:41d0:8:bc91::3,David Bouvier,wolfe.freenode.net
