jasonium,216-107-193-155.static.firstlight.net,Jason A.,wolfe.freenode.net
jooles,2607:5300:60:3b6c:336::5347,jooles,karatkievich.freenode.net
esr,wesnoth/developer/esr,esr,hitchcock.freenode.net
MarkAtwood,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nkqflvrwjjcfkdsa,Mark Atwood,weber.freenode.net
pydsigner,unaffiliated/pydsigner,Daniel Foerster,verne.freenode.net
Koreth,c-75-71-43-190.hsd1.co.comcast.net,Koreth,orwell.freenode.net
DrDaemonEye,unaffiliated/daemoneye,daemoneye,weber.freenode.net
ke4qqq,ec2-54-90-178-215.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cookimon,c-68-45-21-223.hsd1.in.comcast.net,bob jammit,orwell.freenode.net
jandrusk,cpe-104-231-119-61.neo.res.rr.com,jra,sinisalo.freenode.net
HackerHorse,cloudsdale.hacker.horse,Rainbow,adams.freenode.net
HedgeMage,unaffiliated/hedgemage,Susan Sons,rajaniemi.freenode.net
trelane,unaffiliated/trelane,Andrew D Kirch,leguin.freenode.net
pharaun,static.88-198-62-245.clients.your-server.de,pharaun,wilhelm.freenode.net
dzho,unaffiliated/dzho,D. Joe,adams.freenode.net
veb,unaffiliated/vebb,veb,sinisalo.freenode.net
jdb_sysart_WORK,UT23BL4S1.uh.utoledo.edu,realname,card.freenode.net
Jacob843,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/jacob843,Jacob,barjavel.freenode.net
HedgeWork,unaffiliated/hedgemage,Susan Sons,asimov.freenode.net
loganaden,208.95.3.4,loganaden,card.freenode.net
jasoniumh,d-ptld-bng1-64-223-98-200.ngn.east.myfairpoint.net,Jason A.,card.freenode.net
jg,2601:18f:901:ebb7:a11:96ff:fe75:1d94,Jim Gettys,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hteroK,tiran.quasarcannon.net,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
MuseScoreOSX,mscore1.zhdk.ch,MuseScoreOSX,asimov.freenode.net
xelra,unaffiliated/xelra,Xel'Ra,adams.freenode.net
ecormier,blk-138-10-22.eastlink.ca,Eugene Cormier,leguin.freenode.net
Saparok,47.183.75.85,Saparok,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sustained,unaffiliated/sustained,realname,verne.freenode.net
tvaz,172-250-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,Tiago Bortoletto Vaz,adams.freenode.net
alcinos,2001:41d0:8:e782::1,alcinos,wolfe.freenode.net
mrjazzcat,c-73-243-219-67.hsd1.co.comcast.net,Brian Fromme,sinisalo.freenode.net
XGa8ty3ck,216.243.47.15,...,asimov.freenode.net
hpfmn,gateway/shell/uberspace.de/x-elaskgjwkvaabavd,Johannes Wegener,rajaniemi.freenode.net
wolfspraul,bobbin.q-ag.de,Wolfgang Spraul,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MrCodeDev,unaffiliated/mrcodedev,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
APic,apic.name,A. Pic. - my name since YOLD 3149,card.freenode.net
daeavelwyn1,ns308050.ip-94-23-235.eu,daeavelwyn,rajaniemi.freenode.net
stevenroose,vps.weuste.club,Steven Roose,karatkievich.freenode.net
pi3,pi3.com.pl,p,weber.freenode.net
nezticle,qad.io,Andy Nichols,niven.freenode.net
trebmuh,ANancy-653-1-614-101.w92-130.abo.wanadoo.fr,Humbert,wolfe.freenode.net
trig-ger,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ywmreuslpukjrewu,Andrey M. Tokarev,adams.freenode.net
akdor1154,58.96.67.253,Jarrad Whitaker,wolfe.freenode.net
windragon,unaffiliated/alvinhochun,-,wolfe.freenode.net
doek,2a02:1205:5011:e790:ba27:ebff:fe80:6ca9,doek,adams.freenode.net
lasconic,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ixckyfxdjlxszbck,lasconic,wilhelm.freenode.net
blotchy,c-75-67-234-176.hsd1.nh.comcast.net,JBouncer IRC Proxy 1.0 www.jibble.org,weber.freenode.net
jeetee,ptr-2hj4tbwlcucotl09hbj8xvtnc.ip6.access.telenet.be,purple,adams.freenode.net
hanitles,dinozzo.rev4.deleti.net,Anita H.,asimov.freenode.net
luyikei,2607:ea00:105:1c08:bdd5:b1a2:36b4:51cc,luyikei,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sraduvictor_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zfpxsixvzvvuyfah,sraduvictor,hitchcock.freenode.net
karswell`,188.67.198.146.dyn.plus.net,karswell,karatkievich.freenode.net
thomasbonte,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-trhurbailqwoyuhu,Thomas Bonte,wilhelm.freenode.net
Hogarth1,pool-108-11-190-148.nrflva.fios.verizon.net,noname,tepper.freenode.net
xianghui_,116.35.213.162.lcy-02.canonistack.canonical.com,XIANGHUI,verne.freenode.net
Julien-zte,47.90.32.145,Julien,karatkievich.freenode.net
collabot`,ircbot-3.wl.linuxfoundation.org,collabot,wolfe.freenode.net
bramwelt,osuosl/staff/bramwelt,bramwelt,karatkievich.freenode.net
consultron,triton.consultron.com,Consultron,leguin.freenode.net
margaret,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-stnlsnfchmyvdquk,Margaret Chiosi,sinisalo.freenode.net
MR_Sandvine,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nrgitkwrovwldcmw,Manuel Rebellon,wilhelm.freenode.net
B_Smith,burlon0233w-lp130-1-174-92-127-167.dsl.bell.ca,b_smith,wolfe.freenode.net
OPNFV-Gerrit-Bot,gateway/shell/linux-foundation/x-mbfnujrliuzohnez,OPNFV-Gerrit-Bot,card.freenode.net
RadioBot,wls/bots/radiobot,RadioBot (Bot),karatkievich.freenode.net
b1tpunk,216.164.160.47,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
BogDrakonov,wls/staff/BogDrakonov,Bog Drakonov,weber.freenode.net
Woodhouse,bots.route1337.com,Woodhouse (Bot),niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
swebb,192.152.130.179,Steve Webb,barjavel.freenode.net
RFBot02,pe-1-0.wan.rtr1.circlesoftus.org,RFBot02,hitchcock.freenode.net
nottrobin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zfwwqnsgcohmvcgb,Robin Winslow,wilhelm.freenode.net
linuxmodder,fedora/linuxmodder,linuxmodder,sinisalo.freenode.net
TDJACR,lilug/member/tdjacr,TDJACR,karatkievich.freenode.net
duggiefresh,97-113-79-7.tukw.qwest.net,duggiefresh,weber.freenode.net
justizin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eudwqxlhvxwdozed,Justin Alan Ryan,leguin.freenode.net
dmr,fsf/member/dmr,David Matthew Rolek (Dave),wolfe.freenode.net
prosody,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-okwbtnfulegpqetx,.'rosody Vereable Context(°,adams.freenode.net
jaster,unaffiliated/jaster,jaster,wolfe.freenode.net
arthuredelstein,192.241.226.109,arthur,verne.freenode.net
gry,fsf/member/svetlana,Svetlana Tkachenko,card.freenode.net
Tsutsukakushi,163.172.151.191,Yui Hirasawa,leguin.freenode.net
XDS2010,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-npgfvvkpmjmulcya,XAVIER,wolfe.freenode.net
faetog,2607:5300:100::ff,faetog,wolfe.freenode.net
sn0wmonster,taskhive/developer/sn0wmonster,Skifree Snowmonster,wolfe.freenode.net
raldu,unaffiliated/raldu,Onur,asimov.freenode.net
clif_h,2001:4800:7817:101:be76:4eff:fe05:660b,clif,niven.freenode.net
lids,unaffiliated/lids,lids,niven.freenode.net
ObsequiousNewt,wiktionary/ObsequiousNewt,Zebediah Figura,leguin.freenode.net
pizero|afk|afk,wikinews/pi-zero,New Now Know How,leguin.freenode.net
MasterBob,unaffiliated/masterbob,Ted,asimov.freenode.net
Amgine,wikinews/Amgine,Amgine,sinisalo.freenode.net
tmatth,cable-173.246.2-21.ebox.ca,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
titilambert,titilambert.org,Thibault Cohen,hitchcock.freenode.net
bchhun,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kfafnmtnbzrjdnzk,Bernard Chhun,leguin.freenode.net
aviau,modemcable140.100-178-173.mc.videotron.ca,Alexandre Viau,sinisalo.freenode.net
veloutin,75.127.15.161,Vince Vinet,asimov.freenode.net
jremond,dsl.198.58.160.51.ebox.ca,Jean Rémond,orwell.freenode.net
dcormier,rebuts.cricket,dcormier,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Seb-Solon,2607:5300:60:341f::1,seb-solon,wolfe.freenode.net
adeschamps,2607:5300:60:abe::1,adeschamps,karatkievich.freenode.net
spiette,216.98.60.148,realname,leguin.freenode.net
meow`,147.ip-167-114-97.net,meow,wilhelm.freenode.net
jbonjean,unaffiliated/jbonjean,root,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
heroux,gateway/shell/insomnia247/x-zxtictulaeupvvxk,heroux,wilhelm.freenode.net
Bdragon,drupal.org/user/53081/view,Brandon Bergren,tepper.freenode.net
esmerelofchaos,maelstrom.logrus.com,Lynette Miles,wilhelm.freenode.net
igitoor,unaffiliated/contempt,igitur,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sagerdearia,unaffiliated/necrodearia,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
mfb,j0.ramona.indybay.org,mark burdett,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nodiac,cpe-23-243-241-134.socal.res.rr.com,lee,card.freenode.net
das-peter,219.88.237.207,das-peter,asimov.freenode.net
Druplicon,drupal/bot/druplicon,Druplicon :http://drupal.org/project/bot,asimov.freenode.net
mikey_p,drupal.org/user/62496/view,Michael Prasuhn,adams.freenode.net
elijah,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gohrykoczswvdhrj,Elijah Lynn,wolfe.freenode.net
wizonesolutions,drupal.org/user/739994/view,WizOne Solutions,sinisalo.freenode.net
kitt_,pdpc/supporter/sustaining/kitt,Kitt Hodsden,adams.freenode.net
gippy_____,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ykepflkhqdzbyawx,Mark Hicks,adams.freenode.net
vasi,2602:ffc5::ffc5:48ee,Dave Vasilevsky,wolfe.freenode.net
Kazanir1,c-67-166-73-61.hsd1.ut.comcast.net,purple,asimov.freenode.net
neclimdul,drupal.org/user/48673/view,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
sarah_p,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-biyziwlzpzvdqdre,sarah_p,wolfe.freenode.net
merlinofchaosAFK,drupal.org/user/26979/view,Earl Miles,hitchcock.freenode.net
killes,427elmp01.blackmesh.com,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
kg,visu.li,kg,hitchcock.freenode.net
CrashTest_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iokpziyqpioegacd,Patrick Teglia,wilhelm.freenode.net
kvanderw,mds-65-64-85-240.meridiandata.com,Kurt Vanderwater,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sbte-fwn,emesene/developer/sbte,Sbte,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kathinka-bot2,fwn-nb4-7-9.chem.rug.nl,nodeJS IRC client,card.freenode.net
kbrwn,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jdpnjpflccyhvaib,Kyle Brown,wilhelm.freenode.net
ragge,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vgmzaarhlsxrrdny,Ragnar,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dgonyeo,csh/dgonyeo,Derek Gonyeo,wilhelm.freenode.net
iaguis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-unomuxzeaulqelko,Iago López Galeiras,wilhelm.freenode.net
m1sc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-krlbivbpuujxrvka,m1sc,wolfe.freenode.net
ericchiang_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-drjurautfzzaabpz,Eric Chiang,wolfe.freenode.net
jzaksh,drupal.org/user/427067/view,Jonathan Zacsh,weber.freenode.net
grepory,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-afbvbkahptfsbmmr,grepory,wilhelm.freenode.net
ionelmc,python/site-packages/ionelmc,Ionel Cristian Mărieș,wilhelm.freenode.net
CoreoJThompson,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bipdqleavprovodk,Joe Thompson,adams.freenode.net
pquerna,apache/committer/pquerna,Paul Querna,weber.freenode.net
eilrahc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ewekgyobxbaauzxx,charlie,wolfe.freenode.net
hexfusion,central.endpoint.com,mayfly6969,niven.freenode.net
philips,opensuse/member/philipsb,Brandon Philips,wilhelm.freenode.net
lsm5,redhat/lsm5,Lokesh Mandvekar,barjavel.freenode.net
polvi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gfguqiyucpppxlln,Alex Polvi,wilhelm.freenode.net
sym3tri,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-unbddvgqcxemwcbv,Ed Rooth,hitchcock.freenode.net
squeed,s2.caseyc.net,Casey C,adams.freenode.net
chancez__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ltecflxgpowsawss,Chance Zibolski,wilhelm.freenode.net
cgag,104.156.230.152,Curtis Gagliardi,verne.freenode.net
thatmightbepaul,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nqcugydwjqbvufqm,Paul,niven.freenode.net
xiangli,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fnkukadfsrvjgrvv,xiangli,barjavel.freenode.net
dghubble,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ynzglsenxkjrolvi,Dalton Hubble,adams.freenode.net
mrueg,gentoo/developer/mrueg,Manuel Rueger,adams.freenode.net
kayrus_,test.endocode.com,kayrus,barjavel.freenode.net
SamYaple,162.209.126.134,Sam Yaple,asimov.freenode.net
gtank,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-snapzyznhgtggjqf,gtank,karatkievich.freenode.net
Rockj,hodge.geekrevolution.net,Rockj,wilhelm.freenode.net
tomdee,192.241.201.212,Tom Denham,asimov.freenode.net
alep,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qztnnbfkgmkqckpb,Alessandro Puccetti,adams.freenode.net
dolftax,139.59.21.194,Jaipradeesh,verne.freenode.net
steveeJ,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::7:400f,steveeJ,niven.freenode.net
jzelinskie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rhytswdnhfvmjdal,Jimmy Zelinskie,wolfe.freenode.net
marcelh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-opcduzzfyvjmkdug,Marcel,wolfe.freenode.net
sverrest,51.175.199.167,sverre stoltenberg,tepper.freenode.net
antoine__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rtwalbpfvtdozxzb,Antoine Legrand,wilhelm.freenode.net
tjdett,IPv6.Sagittarius.PanicBNC.net,tjdett,karatkievich.freenode.net
blalor,mail.beta5.org,Brian Lalor,karatkievich.freenode.net
ipalade,nat/redhat/x-nplttskmfravbltr,Victor Palade,barjavel.freenode.net
jell,jell.pl,Piotr Skamruk,karatkievich.freenode.net
jakedt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rzmsdxbljwzvuhbr,Jake Moshenko,niven.freenode.net
gyu-ho__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-osoqgfetziwkfxwg,Gyu-Ho Lee,leguin.freenode.net
chancez,osuosl/staff/ecnahc515,Chance Zibolski,orwell.freenode.net
yifan_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vguzwuanletoslci,yifan,wilhelm.freenode.net
tmrts,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-imuldztbgepiuthi,Tamer Tas,adams.freenode.net
mischief2_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ljmxozzellupgyjn,Nick Owens,barjavel.freenode.net
sur,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mrhdjqotzfpksanf,Sergiusz Urbaniak,wolfe.freenode.net
jonboulle,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ejfoefhvhstsbeaa,Jonathan Boulle,wolfe.freenode.net
kbeecher_,test.endocode.com,Karl,kornbluth.freenode.net
peebles,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wqwdwdcnszlhnwhn,peebles,wilhelm.freenode.net
erdk,134.191.220.76,erdk,tepper.freenode.net
early,68.ip-149-56-14.net,early,orwell.freenode.net
robszumski,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-euhfcenxytggzplf,robszumski,wolfe.freenode.net
kbeecher,prod.endocode.com,Karl,kornbluth.freenode.net
nihilifer,178.62.211.20,Michal Rostecki,rajaniemi.freenode.net
marlinnhag_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kxqvmdzsryjvrran,marlinnhag,card.freenode.net
lianj,subtle/user/lianj,lianj,asimov.freenode.net
blixtra,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-onnvdkjevjrkndji,Chris Kühl,rajaniemi.freenode.net
e,freenode/staff/spy.edk,Ed Kellett,niven.freenode.net
sgibbs,ec2-52-11-141-70.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Shane Gibbs,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dln,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tpcbtleqnhwltbtw,Daniel L,wolfe.freenode.net
runcom|afk,nat/redhat/x-byqqfuqiwjelifkj,Antonio Murdaca,card.freenode.net
b0rk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cvypwopfiqmgoojv,Julia Evans,wilhelm.freenode.net
euank,ec2-54-215-129-73.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,ek,weber.freenode.net
kayrus,prod.endocode.com,kayrus,orwell.freenode.net
hacosta,162.243.206.11,Hector Acosta,niven.freenode.net
Mic92,login.higgsboson.tk,Jörg Thalheim,wilhelm.freenode.net
receipts,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-aexjdltgjxmmoqmr,Receipts,wolfe.freenode.net
sgotti,2a02:2770:8:0:21a:4aff:fead:6c1f,sgotti,niven.freenode.net
ivanc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mduwoedfiqmthook,ivanc,rajaniemi.freenode.net
fabxc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uyarislwkwpivmmj,Fabian Reinartz,adams.freenode.net
evan__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nqdibwgpqufbscxz,Evan Cordell,adams.freenode.net
spicydonuts,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-umbxgdipepywpwea,spicydonuts,wilhelm.freenode.net
albanc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bufehiyynimmqjdj,Alban,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mtanski,158.106.210.34,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
kaeso,panopea.unstable.it,Luca Bruno,asimov.freenode.net
moredhel,51.255.106.212,Hamish Hutch,orwell.freenode.net
dominikh,cinch/developer/dominikh,dominikh,barjavel.freenode.net
krnowak,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hahpqogssgobraix,Krzesimir Nowak,wolfe.freenode.net
ben____,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pafbagwbkkjpseup,Ben Spoon,niven.freenode.net
bison,unaffiliated/bison,bison,verne.freenode.net
Cory,unaffiliated/cory,...,leguin.freenode.net
sagerdearia,unaffiliated/necrodearia,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
luke-jr,unaffiliated/luke-jr,Luke Dashjr,hitchcock.freenode.net
Transisto2,modemcable017.144-178-173.mc.videotron.ca,...,barjavel.freenode.net
ghormoon,ghorland.net,Jiri 'Ghormoon' Novak,wilhelm.freenode.net
Zorix,c-73-23-188-87.hsd1.fl.comcast.net,Brandon,wilhelm.freenode.net
nebul8,eridanus.uberspace.de,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
movi,movishell.pl,gulp?",leguin.freenode.net
Igel,cjdns.io,Frei wie ein Igel,asimov.freenode.net
uppock,blah.jabber.dk,Uppock,rajaniemi.freenode.net
|miska|,opensuse/member/-miska-,Michal Hrusecky,sinisalo.freenode.net
spy6,moonshinegang.org,bombadil,karatkievich.freenode.net
lzap,nat/redhat/x-dbeqtpbeareoozel,Lukas Zapletal,kornbluth.freenode.net
ddrown,vps3.drown.org,ddrown,wilhelm.freenode.net
SwedeMike,ipv6.swm.pp.se,Like a wedgie on steroids,wolfe.freenode.net
guerby,april/board/guerby,Laurent GUERBY,sinisalo.freenode.net
rplevka,nat/redhat/x-aapwyuzlpdevzlzk,roman plevka,rajaniemi.freenode.net
steven,unaffiliated/steven,Steven,wilhelm.freenode.net
ddt,freebsd/contributor/ddt,tdd,tepper.freenode.net
distemper,2001:470:1f15:eff:3f2f:58c8:2997:3dd2,user,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ashp,li1255-37.members.linode.com,none,orwell.freenode.net
risk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zhwsnwysxcdenhev,risk,wolfe.freenode.net
Sleep_Walker,opensuse/member/sleep-walker,tcech,niven.freenode.net
Oddstr13,satomi.openshell.no,Odd Stråbø,orwell.freenode.net
snitch,wikispecies/snerk,snerk,wilhelm.freenode.net
snerk,wikispecies/snerk,snerk,barjavel.freenode.net
Debra,wikipedia/MZMcBride,Well open up your mind and see like me.,card.freenode.net
serbang,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yiyihwtlrpmmlajy,Serban,adams.freenode.net
dan2wik,unaffiliated/evil-dan2wik/x-0106201,dan2wik,asimov.freenode.net
WhereIsMySpoon_,teamfrag.net,Jamee,verne.freenode.net
Tadas,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-shanjfhmtwyevhil,Tadas,wolfe.freenode.net
flyback,c-73-154-9-168.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
michael_mbp,ec2-52-76-80-88.ap-southeast-1.compute.amazonaws.com,John Dorian,asimov.freenode.net
Arwen,unaffiliated/misha,arwen,leguin.freenode.net
Tylak,cpe-74-135-2-198.columbus.res.rr.com,Tylak,tepper.freenode.net
ShoaibJahejo,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-eavllgqagcqaadel,ShoaibJahejo,karatkievich.freenode.net
OxOO,unaffiliated/0x00/x-2817549,OxOO,leguin.freenode.net
parliament,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oiakslkvojfeqrms,owls,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sheraf,192.99.1.215,Sheraf,niven.freenode.net
ProClifo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-geeunhntfmdaxtbi,Steffen Eide,orwell.freenode.net
Topsy__,pool-96-227-53-69.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,666,adams.freenode.net
maslo,199.175.52.218,maslo,verne.freenode.net
CustosL1men,unaffiliated/cust0slim3n,CustosLimen,weber.freenode.net
Guest21509,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-pharnipehyrsjbni,Riccardo Bello,sinisalo.freenode.net
MDTech-us_MAN,unaffiliated/mdtech-us-man/x-0725565,Maxwell,card.freenode.net
angular_mike_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-igpiagqfmxlntpdy,angular_mike_,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ReikokuKo,107.170.202.110,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
monoxane,unaffiliated/monoxane,monoxane,sinisalo.freenode.net
bigbadjesus,unaffiliated/psidrome,WAT,tepper.freenode.net
jj-,hilla.kapsi.fi,Juha Juutinen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
markcarver,unicorn.fail,Mark Carver,wolfe.freenode.net
ZeroGox,unaffiliated/caktux/bot/zerogox,ZeroGox,wolfe.freenode.net
davidstrauss,wikimedia/davidstrauss,David Strauss,karatkievich.freenode.net
termie_,pdpc/supporter/bronze/termie,termie,asimov.freenode.net
dgtlmoon,ip-89-177-66-104.net.upcbroadband.cz,dgtlmoon,hitchcock.freenode.net
elijah,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gohrykoczswvdhrj,Elijah Lynn,wolfe.freenode.net
caktux,unaffiliated/caktux,caktux,wolfe.freenode.net
ddease2,13.65.30.14,ddease2,asimov.freenode.net
fujin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qbeqyntcghqvqspj,fujin,adams.freenode.net
wizonesolutions,drupal.org/user/739994/view,WizOne Solutions,sinisalo.freenode.net
basic`,drupal.org/association-staff/basic,Rudy Grigar,wolfe.freenode.net
ddavidd,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-zjoiyrskapnpampw,ddavidd,rajaniemi.freenode.net
moshe,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uqtwhjpoukfzlfds,Moshe Weitzman,wolfe.freenode.net
scottalan,173.255.139.143,Scott,card.freenode.net
r4vi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bgndnahvyehiskvn,r4vi,wilhelm.freenode.net
mmcclure,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-plrdtxbdhzdzfmhr,Matthew McClure,adams.freenode.net
trevorriles,riles.io,Trevor Riles,tepper.freenode.net
dgonyeo,csh/dgonyeo,Derek Gonyeo,wilhelm.freenode.net
Alcest,69.64.40.177,Ecailles de lune,leguin.freenode.net
Tew,92.240.183.209,Tew,tepper.freenode.net
t0mb0_,gateway/shell/firrre/x-rmsqoxnjggulehsf,t0mb0,wilhelm.freenode.net
jadams|cloud,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rylbfcserjpcatgn,Josh Adams,adams.freenode.net
Lugoues,ool-4353b738.dyn.optonline.net,Peter B.,wilhelm.freenode.net
danecando,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/danecando,daneger,adams.freenode.net
runeh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vlcireydqsfiemyk,Rune Halvorsen,adams.freenode.net
seliopou,entropy.tmok.com,se,barjavel.freenode.net
billstclair,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tozeiltmjvkzjozu,Bill St. Clair,adams.freenode.net
datagrok,cpe-172-89-124-180.socal.res.rr.com,Michael F. Lamb,orwell.freenode.net
iamayam,192.3.160.145,yamiam,barjavel.freenode.net
loop_,baburuboburu.hyperkuutio.fi,Aki Reijonen,karatkievich.freenode.net
upgrayeddd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uczhljafgcanxyku,o tempora! o mores!,wolfe.freenode.net
Isaiah__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qibqrknunokwcjwh,Isaiah DeRose-Wilson,weber.freenode.net
ahihi,62-78-227-61.bb.dnainternet.fi,Miranda,orwell.freenode.net
daekano,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe73:8f69,daekano,wilhelm.freenode.net
jfokkan__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-chgtemvdjtdmxmfr,Jonathan,sinisalo.freenode.net
qz,li272-85.members.linode.com,quetzal,wolfe.freenode.net
robotmayo,ec2-54-174-159-56.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Nigel,orwell.freenode.net
Xikeon_,198.211.127.82,Xikeon,adams.freenode.net
zemm,ki.8b.fi,Jussi,hitchcock.freenode.net
steven,unaffiliated/steven,Steven,wilhelm.freenode.net
pantech,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-skaymmmzoekxyhra,Matthias Endler,adams.freenode.net
ondras,smaug.cz,ondras,verne.freenode.net
gsingh93,104.236.206.26,gsingh93,wilhelm.freenode.net
asabil,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-rwxmuiztxkfmebiw,Ali Sabil,karatkievich.freenode.net
yorick,oftn/oswg-member/yorick,Yorick,barjavel.freenode.net
loglaunc-,188.226.141.55,loglaunch,adams.freenode.net
mudfog_,ec2-54-152-211-54.compute-1.amazonaws.com,andreas,barjavel.freenode.net
danneu,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nvoxyvnrihgfidul,danneu,niven.freenode.net
Pepe_,anderith.bouah.net,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
ccomb,2a01:e35:8b61:a3b0:f8ab:28f3:2cee:3d6,Christophe Combelles,adams.freenode.net
rofer,107.161.162.179,Alex,wolfe.freenode.net
johannh,gateway/web/mozilla/x-hcbkemockewefsym,Johann Hofmann,adams.freenode.net
crodjer,unaffiliated/crodjer,Rohan Jain,verne.freenode.net
Gothmog_,user.nullteilerfrei.de,Tobias Gödderz,asimov.freenode.net
lyonsb,c-98-245-200-69.hsd1.co.comcast.net,lyonsb,niven.freenode.net
douglass_,howe-and-ser-moving.mit.edu,Catherine E Douglass,verne.freenode.net
joedevivo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zwzrhwmddlazlqye,Joe DeVivo,wilhelm.freenode.net
daved,218.69-195-222.static.servergrove.com,daved,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bmcorser,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jyybolnxsvxplygv,BM Corser,wilhelm.freenode.net
proteusguy,node-88y.pool-180-180.dynamic.totbb.net,realname,card.freenode.net
kushalp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-winfaztjjcpzphoz,Kushal Pisavadia,adams.freenode.net
domenkozar,v22014052224618709.yourvserver.net,ielectric,karatkievich.freenode.net
benoitc,couchdb/committer/pdpc.active.benoitc,benoitc,niven.freenode.net
Raimondi,c-73-244-170-150.hsd1.fl.comcast.net,israelchauca,card.freenode.net
oddmunds,t.oddmundo.com,oddmunds,hitchcock.freenode.net
fiatjaf,162.243.220.95,~,orwell.freenode.net
niko,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.niko,Nicolas Coevoet,weber.freenode.net
jkakar,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kizatgtjzniyrshm,jkakar,karatkievich.freenode.net
EntilZha,104.131.142.175,Pedro,karatkievich.freenode.net
ilkka_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-znlbclugidykhysj,Ilkka,niven.freenode.net
alphonse23_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tukqyuettmgaccly,Sean Westfall,wilhelm.freenode.net
smeevil,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-cnzhbpihercrcxob,smeevil,sinisalo.freenode.net
iaglium,45.63.76.107,iaglium,barjavel.freenode.net
zxtx,sunnythinking.org,VVVV,verne.freenode.net
bairyn,unaffiliated/bob0,Byron Johnson,orwell.freenode.net
mikeplus32,unaffiliated/mikeplus64,mike,niven.freenode.net
Ankhers,unaffiliated/ankhers,Ankhers,weber.freenode.net
evax,patcher2.evax.fr,Evax Software,asimov.freenode.net
emerson,freenode/staff/emerson,emerson,wilhelm.freenode.net
DavidAntaramian,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oorrxdkxycbkskuw,David Antaramian,sinisalo.freenode.net
alexsuraci,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mitwwxrjhllsszcu,Alex Suraci,adams.freenode.net
lopi,2607:ff48:1:2::213a:4c5c,lopi,wolfe.freenode.net
ballingt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-etuyysoqqfvkvays,Thomas Ballinger,wilhelm.freenode.net
rawtaz,rho.hobbyhotellet.se,Leo R. Lundgren,weber.freenode.net
fycth_,mail.oslikas.com,Got ZNC?,niven.freenode.net
edmz,148-240-77-19.reservada.static.axtel.net,Got ZNC?,asimov.freenode.net
fredcy,mail.yankowski.com,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
phuu,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qkgcxykayucwsjtf,Tom Ashworth,niven.freenode.net
Majiir,2601:18c:c181:2750:211:32ff:fe42:6eda,Majiir,karatkievich.freenode.net
bruceadams,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ohuhdpnfyzjccbxv,Bruce Adams,adams.freenode.net
jaym,104.236.174.41,jaym,hitchcock.freenode.net
hansihe,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-znatddvxrayhumvp,hansihe,adams.freenode.net
andersh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pdwdnmweetjlzctr,Anders Hansson,adams.freenode.net
thorsten`,apus.uberspace.de,Thorsten W.,weber.freenode.net
teppic,2a00:1a28:1251:178:73:210:43:1,Ola Sikstrom,adams.freenode.net
mostlybadfly,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nzzembrfnqahxfqu,Daniel,leguin.freenode.net
norotartagen,71-89-76-184.dhcp.bycy.mi.charter.com,www.aoeu2code.com,tepper.freenode.net
relrod,redhat/relrod,rickymain,asimov.freenode.net
ephemeron,unaffiliated/ephemeron,ephemeron,karatkievich.freenode.net
omnidan,touchlay/founder/omnidan,omnidan,weber.freenode.net
nicanaca0,141.170.12.36,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
stefan-__,2001:41d0:1:a995::1,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
Husio_,husio.host.darkcloud.pl,Piotr Husiatyński,orwell.freenode.net
benwilson512,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-djmgnavekboxieft,Ben Wilson,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bsermons,205.185.124.86,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
early,68.ip-149-56-14.net,early,orwell.freenode.net
paz_,zulu824.server4you.de,paz,verne.freenode.net
gyre007,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gdagbcxhrtigdnsk,Donnie Brasco,wilhelm.freenode.net
lopex,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jtheiiwvbzdxowtf,Marcin Mielżyński,sinisalo.freenode.net
pandur,lanpartei.de,Niklas Hofer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cath_,2604:2000:8101:3500:c09c:ad88:d165:874,cath,karatkievich.freenode.net
sekjun9878,unaffiliated/sekjun9878,Michael Yoo,orwell.freenode.net
jasticE,pool-173-48-116-49.bstnma.fios.verizon.net,jast,hitchcock.freenode.net
hipertracker,80.111.189.86,hipertracker,weber.freenode.net
jadams,162.243.58.69,Josh Adams,asimov.freenode.net
der_graf,2a01:4f8:d16:5906::2,Andre Graf,adams.freenode.net
lpaste,unaffiliated/chrisdone,lpaste,niven.freenode.net
unga,2a03:b0c0:2:d0::313:a001,giulioungareti,karatkievich.freenode.net
kika,50.174.17.56,Textual User,wolfe.freenode.net
CARAM__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kpxfucbwpjptaaom,Max Stritzi,adams.freenode.net
bzf,178.62.167.99,Frej Larsson,barjavel.freenode.net
teehemkay,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tszfpkmrzpvajpgj,tmk,adams.freenode.net
spicyj,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wjiewdsfbcfkqged,Ben Alpert,adams.freenode.net
rodlogic,ec2-54-84-114-28.compute-1.amazonaws.com,rodlogic,rajaniemi.freenode.net
emmanueloga,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-crxcsiftxlrlucgw,Emmanuel Oga,adams.freenode.net
tippenein,159.203.237.63,tippenein,karatkievich.freenode.net
lachenmayer,gateway/shell/firrre/x-qacequrhfnujnszk,Harry Lachenmayer,adams.freenode.net
jimt,ad048023.dynamic.ppp.asahi-net.or.jp,Jim Tittsler,weber.freenode.net
jnoah,osuosl/staff/brutal-chaos,brutal_chaos,adams.freenode.net
joakino,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-arrbpzblynzcjelw,Joaquin,wolfe.freenode.net
mudfog,ec2-54-152-211-54.compute-1.amazonaws.com,andreas,barjavel.freenode.net
sgflt,p4FDF3A7B.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,sgflt,card.freenode.net
ahf,irssi/staff/ahf,Alexander Færøy,barjavel.freenode.net
ThusSpakeHarambe,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mozzgwpwofqcmfej,ThusSpakeHarambe,wilhelm.freenode.net
chrpape,cpape.eu,unknown,adams.freenode.net
danza-cloud,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sgniktdnrxiddlrm,Francesco Occhipinti,wilhelm.freenode.net
olinkl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hneocymjcrpaopkw,olinkl,hitchcock.freenode.net
mpickering,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-berwzulwzweykqyw,Matthew Pickering,orwell.freenode.net
bkonkle,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jbvxjvohccyhedqu,Brandon Konkle,karatkievich.freenode.net
jgertm-,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-axonfkydsdlnkgah,fnordserver ZNC - https://fnordserver.eu,adams.freenode.net
nokaa_,24-226-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,nokaa,wolfe.freenode.net
beckyconning__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fpdwnyleixufcynv,Becky,weber.freenode.net
ggherdov`__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kihzplutqrpubrwv,Giovanni Gherdovich,wolfe.freenode.net
cschneid,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe73:9540,cschneid,wilhelm.freenode.net
hoelzro,hoelz.ro,Rob Hoelz,adams.freenode.net
lyddonb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-njiawfgfvafnsbsn,Beau Lyddon,hitchcock.freenode.net
wwkeyboard,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qucxcrlnjpxgkrou,alee,adams.freenode.net
ryanwinchester,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hxburhaemqqkdrtd,fungku,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sigyn,freenode/utility-bot/sigyn,https://github.com/freenode/Sigyn,weber.freenode.net
pmarreck,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lsnytqixmisadfri,Peter,adams.freenode.net
johnkpaul,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-exijrnyibhpsmjka,John K. Paul,tepper.freenode.net
Aster,april-fools/2013/ninth/aster,Mischa Aster Sarah Alff,barjavel.freenode.net
machuga,unaffiliated/machuga,Machuga,weber.freenode.net
jjanzic,2a03:b0c0:2:d0::470:c001,josip,karatkievich.freenode.net
siel,unaffiliated/motley,siel,karatkievich.freenode.net
matrixise,mx1.wirtel.be,Stéphane Wirtel,tepper.freenode.net
Chadtech,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dgumrurzbyvuiujl,Chadtech,adams.freenode.net
piisalie,162.243.82.165,piisalie,asimov.freenode.net
magopian,gateway/web/mozilla/x-fywmefjeixwaepis,Mathieu Agopian,karatkievich.freenode.net
phantummm,104.131.123.44,phantummm,niven.freenode.net
zapu,ks3354569.kimsufi.com,zapu,card.freenode.net
ehamberg,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gdayqjtezmqoykco,Erlend Hamberg,wilhelm.freenode.net
alisdair,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-arhaemolqpwmvjsj,alisdair sullivan,wolfe.freenode.net
ashnur,unaffiliated/ashnur,suly",orwell.freenode.net
Natch,h-155-122.a444.priv.bahnhof.se,*,rajaniemi.freenode.net
g4k,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sltmumzprwlhqqyk,g4k,adams.freenode.net
MitchellSalad,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uoochhruwjugtnbd,MitchellSalad,karatkievich.freenode.net
ajp,2001:19f0:ac00:b0:5400:ff:fe28:ca2b,Quassel IRC User,adams.freenode.net
Guest22330,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gkqqkaxgzfaalstz,Stephan Seidt,adams.freenode.net
garbas,81.4.127.29,Rok Garbas,sinisalo.freenode.net
ambrosia,2a03:b0c0:0:1010::39:c001,ambrosia,niven.freenode.net
martinga_,pool-96-232-88-46.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,Textual User,karatkievich.freenode.net
joco42,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qbihzosbmdcsngzp,joco42,wolfe.freenode.net
yminsky,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-knnptqzgthwlngit,Yaron Minsky,wolfe.freenode.net
naxoc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wagqagnbophozogd,Camilla,barjavel.freenode.net
strmpnk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rvmlinalfbrafyqf,Brian Mitchell,niven.freenode.net
systemfault,unaffiliated/rcyr,Roger Cyr,hitchcock.freenode.net
strixy,45.55.138.164,strixy,asimov.freenode.net
douglascorrea,191.177.186.207,douglascorrea,asimov.freenode.net
Zerot,wordtango.net,...,wilhelm.freenode.net
sickill,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-twfkvgwddvmyigrr,Marcin Kulik,wolfe.freenode.net
jaapz,141.138.199.174,jaapz,adams.freenode.net
creationix_,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fee4:4436,Tim Caswell,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zpconn__________,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-anwpnjikrdvtujpp,Zach Conn,karatkievich.freenode.net
ritsuka,209.141.45.253,Damiano Galassi,asimov.freenode.net
peerst,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mncjdmiubomjzsrg,Peer Stritzinger,card.freenode.net
posco,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-scicbqotwdcmupoy,Oscar Boykin,roddenberry.freenode.net
pigoz,ns379744.ip-5-196-70.eu,pigoz,orwell.freenode.net
FifthWall,irc.the5thwall.net,Andy,card.freenode.net
proteus-guy,180.183.128.189,realname,orwell.freenode.net
ivanoats,ec2-54-173-50-31.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Ivan Storck,weber.freenode.net
MeadSteve,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zxvwjfagotefueev,Steve,niven.freenode.net
spl,jwchat.org,spl,adams.freenode.net
ivansosajigga,98.7.11.85,ivansosajigga,tepper.freenode.net
awapf,163.172.137.151,aw,barjavel.freenode.net
wsmoak,apache/committer/wsmoak,Wendy Smoak,wilhelm.freenode.net
jonrh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ziiimicgmbttzbek,Jón Helgason,adams.freenode.net
SupayrPoney,188.226.186.193,supayrponey,wolfe.freenode.net
g3funk,192.34.61.224,braden,asimov.freenode.net
omarkj,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vnebxqomfyqxpoub,Ómar Kjartan Yasin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jamesbvaughan,cpe-45-49-139-132.socal.res.rr.com,James Vaughan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
amytran1997,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lgxceekwgccfikdh,Amy Tran,rajaniemi.freenode.net
STRML,unaffiliated/strml,STRML,orwell.freenode.net
Jetrel_bot,ec2.happyspork.com,jetrel,card.freenode.net
JmZ_,unaffiliated/jmz,JmZ JmZ,card.freenode.net
adamkittelson,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gqpmmgggewzrtqrj,Adam Kittelson,wilhelm.freenode.net
dmnd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hzpleplrndxvaobl,Desmond Brand,adams.freenode.net
l1x,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uecwlspyjkbfunmu,Jockey Queueing,wilhelm.freenode.net
micmus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zjmecawwgbdmckfe,Michał Muskała,leguin.freenode.net
kazimuth_,ec2-54-172-24-246.compute-1.amazonaws.com,James Gilles,wolfe.freenode.net
gozala,gateway/web/mozilla/x-grfzlsjlxhshtmdu,Irakli Gozalishvili,hitchcock.freenode.net
NiKo`,ec2-54-84-42-249.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Nicolas Perriault,asimov.freenode.net
scrogson,scrogson.com,Sonny Scroggin,karatkievich.freenode.net
metalrain,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rivszxqodfkrxrjt,Otto Martikainen,niven.freenode.net
andybalaam,iroquois-mxisp.openmarket.com,realname,verne.freenode.net
thread,35.128.11.33,thread,tepper.freenode.net
ibizaman,153.179-246-81.adsl-dyn.isp.belgacom.be,ibizaman,niven.freenode.net
zph,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tulxiexchwrvvjoo,Zander,leguin.freenode.net
redpants,pool-100-15-132-180.washdc.fios.verizon.net,delta revan,karatkievich.freenode.net
Raynos,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iauocfafuhxctmmg,Jake Verbaten,wolfe.freenode.net
zenware,c-98-206-185-210.hsd1.il.comcast.net,zenware,asimov.freenode.net
lexi-lambda,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rhsiohbvoptnhjmb,Alexis King,wilhelm.freenode.net
moredhel,51.255.106.212,Hamish Hutch,orwell.freenode.net
NeverDie_,45.55.42.239,NeverDie,wolfe.freenode.net
pshiu,104.131.178.129,pshiu,weber.freenode.net
aj701,104.131.178.129,Cucumber,weber.freenode.net
mkaney,128.83.59.108.bc.googleusercontent.com,Matthew Kaney,orwell.freenode.net
BlackThorneDK,94.189.57.142,Jacob Vinter Rasmussen,adams.freenode.net
mikjaer,127-0-0-1.dk,mikjaer,card.freenode.net
mikfix,127-0-0-1.dk,mikfix,card.freenode.net
ashley,MediaWiki/Jack-Phoenix,I'm not your babe,asimov.freenode.net
rwg,awos/tester/rwg,rwg,barjavel.freenode.net
DeFender1031,93-172-151-164.bb.netvision.net.il,Dan,asimov.freenode.net
Venusaur,wikipedia/Antonio-Lopez,ndsdjs,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
lc2,wat.lewiscollard.com,LET'S GO OUT AND FIND SOME TROUBLE,asimov.freenode.net
gewt,138.68.49.16,Cory Smelosky,hitchcock.freenode.net
lojjik,wikihow/Lojjik,Lojjik Braughler,asimov.freenode.net
Rangers31,ool-4574a6c7.dyn.optonline.net,New Now Know How,sinisalo.freenode.net
liangent,wikipedia/Liangent,Got ZNC?,verne.freenode.net
Rodericus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pkaxabquwtewatcs,Rōderīcus, -ī,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Philantrop,exherbo/developer/philantrop,Wulf C. Krueger,kornbluth.freenode.net
zlogene,gentoo/developer/zlogene,Mikle Kolyada,karatkievich.freenode.net
a3li,gentoo/developer/a3li,Alex Legler,hitchcock.freenode.net
[Arfrever],apache/committer/Arfrever,Arfrever Frehtes Taifersar Arahesis,niven.freenode.net
creffett|irssi,gentoo/developer/creffett,Christopher Reffett,tepper.freenode.net
nimiux,gentoo/developer/nimiux,Chema Alonso,karatkievich.freenode.net
jmbsvicetto,gentoo/developer/jmbsvicetto,Jorge Manuel B. S. Vicetto,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Corvus`,unaffiliated/wolf/x-7838296,1Corax,niven.freenode.net
kensington,gentoo/developer/kensington,kensington,roddenberry.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
Polynomial-C,gentoo/developer/Polynomial-C,Poly-C,asimov.freenode.net
Betelgeuse,gentoo/developer/Betelgeuse,Petteri Räty,orwell.freenode.net
johu,gentoo/developer/johu,Johannes Huber,hitchcock.freenode.net
rich0,gentoo/developer/rich0,Richard Freeman,sinisalo.freenode.net
mrueg,gentoo/developer/mrueg,Manuel Rueger,adams.freenode.net
floppym,gentoo/developer/floppym,Mike Gilbert,adams.freenode.net
willikins,gentoo/bot/Willikins,Gentoo Services Bot, based on Ruby bot (c) Giusepp,adams.freenode.net
kent\n,gentoo/developer/kentnl,Kent Fredric,karatkievich.freenode.net
dilfridge,gentoo/developer/dilfridge,Andreas K. Huettel,karatkievich.freenode.net
Shentino,gentoo/contributor/shentino,John Doe,sinisalo.freenode.net
Tommy[D]_,gentoo/developer/tommy,bnc,card.freenode.net
xiaomiao,gentoo/developer/bonsaikitten,Patrick Lauer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hwoarang,gentoo/developer/hwoarang,Markos Chandras,verne.freenode.net
keytoaster,gentoo/developer/keytoaster,Tobias Heinlein,sinisalo.freenode.net
mudler,gentoo/developer/mudler,mudler,niven.freenode.net
sbraz,unaffiliated/drwx,Louis Sautier,barjavel.freenode.net
Kate-o,unaffiliated/kateo/x-334924,kate-o,wilhelm.freenode.net
Robritenow,unaffiliated/robritenow,.,asimov.freenode.net
infopyre,unaffiliated/infopyre,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
systmkor,unaffiliated/systmkor,systmkor,niven.freenode.net
ev1l38-,95.85.41.211,evl1,orwell.freenode.net
joel_s_c,80-21-66-68.dynamic.ftth-pool.d-pcomm.com,purple,wolfe.freenode.net
zbuc,104.131.175.177,Got ZNC?,barjavel.freenode.net
lopi,2607:ff48:1:2::213a:4c5c,lopi,wolfe.freenode.net
ShadowHatesYou,unaffiliated/shadowhatesyou,The shady one,adams.freenode.net
jdogherman,104.167.116.141,jdogherman,karatkievich.freenode.net
sempf,cpe-76-181-160-16.columbus.res.rr.com,Bill Sempf,karatkievich.freenode.net
ad0nis,unaffiliated/ad0nis,ad0nis,sinisalo.freenode.net
Absolute0x0,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nfypdggnbeswdgen,SPARTaN,adams.freenode.net
nullspace,c-68-56-16-126.hsd1.mi.comcast.net,bmcmahon,karatkievich.freenode.net
SibrekExuus,178.62.19.205,SibrekExuus,sinisalo.freenode.net
Cyber-WarDaddy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dsliwrhkdiantpej,Derek Thomas,niven.freenode.net
orange1,porter.druckingfunk.com,willy.wonka,card.freenode.net
taco_pirate,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wiwqgjsktikyprdr,Benjamin Carroll,adams.freenode.net
mirage335,64.79.53.118,mirage335,wolfe.freenode.net
Dark-Fx,dark-fx.com,Brian McPherson,sinisalo.freenode.net
cunningpike,d172-218-128-79.bchsia.telus.net,cunningpike,asimov.freenode.net
cmaddy_,104.131.150.126,cmaddy,orwell.freenode.net
tehExodus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hckxxbbkswsfcepm,John Smith,sinisalo.freenode.net
jadedtreebeard,unaffiliated/sukotto-san/x-7667418,jaded treebeard,verne.freenode.net
Prajwal,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-aomktmwivoseinmh,_L30_,adams.freenode.net
cebreidian,45.63.76.107,Don't Panic,rajaniemi.freenode.net
b00st,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dihojbdvcvbesstm,Your Daddy,sinisalo.freenode.net
demure,demu.red,demure,orwell.freenode.net
ZenM0de,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uljycukzhatelwns,ZenM0de,adams.freenode.net
llua,zsh/developer/llua,llua,wolfe.freenode.net
kurobeats,45.62.248.85,Jimmy Jive,wilhelm.freenode.net
pedrovian,8.27.210.16,realname,adams.freenode.net
protoxin,irc.protoxin.net,protoxin,verne.freenode.net
hj0x3,46.166.137.217,hj0x3,orwell.freenode.net
blacksyke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-avvyrymdcnkvesic,blacksyke,wilhelm.freenode.net
bratik,unaffiliated/bratik,bratik,sinisalo.freenode.net
DrCode,5.28.134.3,DrCode,barjavel.freenode.net
cflaws,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vjqrbxpokzstdvqh,cflaws,wolfe.freenode.net
Hopkins,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tqpltvrqfogcbkoa,Adam Hopkins,wolfe.freenode.net
rattis,rattis.net,chris j,karatkievich.freenode.net
sludge_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tjepvtqpnlnuogwk,Nothanksjeff,wilhelm.freenode.net
cmaddalena,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-unwkltjyieptqcwv,Christopher Maddalena,wilhelm.freenode.net
hagbard,2001:470:1f10:10e8::2,hagbard,wilhelm.freenode.net
storefish,69.90.132.5,storefish,hitchcock.freenode.net
jabreity,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dcbcyzlazngxnhjv,jabreity,adams.freenode.net
z0rlac,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mbyrjkzjuynhbmdw,SteveL,adams.freenode.net
DrBearSec,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pfifkwkqvehswjvf,Michael Smith,leguin.freenode.net
infowolfe,unaffiliated/infowolfe,i'm not your daddy, kid,weber.freenode.net
NUXI,c-98-224-165-226.hsd1.mi.comcast.net,Jon,leguin.freenode.net
tnewman,69.41.175.50,tnewman,asimov.freenode.net
moey,unaffiliated/moey,moey,weber.freenode.net
ColonelPanic001,li61-113.members.linode.com,Mike,asimov.freenode.net
dnfalk,unaffiliated/dnfalk,dnfalk,barjavel.freenode.net
flipsidecreation,d14-69-162-62.try.wideopenwest.com,It's easy to figure out...,karatkievich.freenode.net
mutilator,c-68-56-137-33.hsd1.mi.comcast.net,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
hyperjacker,c-76-122-153-204.hsd1.mi.comcast.net,...,asimov.freenode.net
fester_,205.185.122.76,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
alucart,2001:41d0:52:cff::f38,Monkey see, monkey do,leguin.freenode.net
FletcherMunson,unaffiliated/fletchermunson,Munson,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Waywardsun,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xquhwzoakpumweda,Wayward,adams.freenode.net
jwgoerlich,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rkmjbcbvjlsoadrr,jwgoerlich,hitchcock.freenode.net
sec-ph0,unaffiliated/sec-ph0,sec-ph0--,barjavel.freenode.net
qru,97.91.60.177,Bamm Visscher,verne.freenode.net
jafoca,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xwsgyrjvedtjwney,jafoca,karatkievich.freenode.net
coolacid,unaffiliated/coolacid,realname,verne.freenode.net
weeve90,162.243.146.145,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
neuri8,62.109.134.112,nuru,hitchcock.freenode.net
irishjack,64.137.204.70,ZeGermans,card.freenode.net
a5m0,unaffiliated/a5m0,a5m0,asimov.freenode.net
linuxmodder,fedora/linuxmodder,linuxmodder,sinisalo.freenode.net
zodbot,fedora/bot/zodbot,Limnoria installed on 2016-06-11T19-31-21,orwell.freenode.net
rsc,fedora/rsc,Robert Scheck,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
skamath,fedora/skamath,Sachin S. Kamath,orwell.freenode.net
FranciscoD,pdpc/supporter/active/franciscod,Ankur Sinha,hitchcock.freenode.net
comhack,unaffiliated/comhack,comhack,orwell.freenode.net
prg318,deadcodersociety/prg318,PRG318,hitchcock.freenode.net
half,unaffiliated/halfwit,halfwit,rajaniemi.freenode.net
s1c,startnet.us,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
pez,unaffiliated/pez,pez pez pez,adams.freenode.net
pry0cc,gateway/tor-sasl/money,Privacy is a myth. Accept it.,zelazny.freenode.net
TyrfingMjolnir,62.92.82.250,Tyrfing Mjolnir,karatkievich.freenode.net
voidead,unaffiliated/voidead,voidead,weber.freenode.net
Max-P,znc.max-p.me,Max-P,adams.freenode.net
TheLive1,unaffiliated/thelive1,TheLive1,hitchcock.freenode.net
fs0ciety,fsociety.info,mr.evilcorp,asimov.freenode.net
[Anna],voidnet.max-p.me,Supybot 0.83.4.1+limnoria 2016.01.05,karatkievich.freenode.net
jaagr,unaffiliated/jaagr,jaagr,tepper.freenode.net
Rickster,2001:41d0:a:f789::1,Rick,sinisalo.freenode.net
davyjones,95.211.100.76,davyjones,wilhelm.freenode.net
dano5,123.109-247-22.customer.lyse.net,Got ZNC?,leguin.freenode.net
obli-AWAY,62.27.85.48,Oblivious One,wilhelm.freenode.net
KrissO,cm-84.209.9.155.getinternet.no,KrissO,leguin.freenode.net
enginemaniac,unaffiliated/enginemaniac,Flailing at you,asimov.freenode.net
Cameron_D_,192.241.210.101,Cameron,card.freenode.net
Screwball,192.241.210.101,ScrewballTheBot,niven.freenode.net
Labrat_,192.241.230.216,Jared,niven.freenode.net
nhandler,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.nhandler,Nathan Handler,karatkievich.freenode.net
aqu4,unaffiliated/subsen/bot/aqu4,aqu4, daughter of pr0t0!,tepper.freenode.net
Subsentient,techtavern/subsen,Subsentient,tepper.freenode.net
marmalodak,c-67-169-182-187.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,marmalodak,leguin.freenode.net
striker,nat/redhat/x-hzqqbrrvscfvoyvm,striker@terranforge.com,wilhelm.freenode.net
u0m3_,188.25.14.68,realname,tepper.freenode.net
kjetilho,njus.no,Kjetil Torgrim Homme,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ifohancroft,techtavern/ifo,IFo Hancroft,asimov.freenode.net
yami,78-2-102-216.adsl.net.t-com.hr,anja,verne.freenode.net
Nach0z,unaffiliated/nach0z,Nach0z,tepper.freenode.net
Angelo,unaffiliated/angelo,Angelo,wilhelm.freenode.net
ma-lab,unaffiliated/techwolf12/bot/ma-lab,Mediacollege Lab,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Techwolf12,unaffiliated/techwolf12,Christiaan de Die le Clercq,wilhelm.freenode.net
gpoesia,gateway/shell/kde/x-orznvtckvkzoocht,Gabriel Poesia,niven.freenode.net
lays147,gateway/shell/kde/x-kevsbkeawgyuxvyg,Lays Rodrigues,adams.freenode.net
sandroandrade,104.236.100.111,Sandro S. Andrade,weber.freenode.net
patrickelectric,gateway/shell/kde/x-bsdtpcbuauegtomi,Patrick,adams.freenode.net
dantti,200.204.2.138,Daniel Nicoletti,asimov.freenode.net
thiago,kde/thiago,Thiago Macieira,leguin.freenode.net
andrunko,2a00:1098:0:82:1000:25:2eeb:e3e4,Andre Moreira Magalhaes,niven.freenode.net
heliocastro,kde/heliocastro,Helio Chissini de Castro,adams.freenode.net
camilasan,2a02:8109:a4bf:fe85:fc35:294:a3ef:6ea9,Camila Ayres,adams.freenode.net
IrcsomeBot,kde/bot/telegram-relay,KDE Telegram Relay Service,card.freenode.net
daniels,fooishbar.org,Daniel Stone,weber.freenode.net
forkbomb,gateway/shell/firrre/x-lsdtbuljtqqlyjrv,Simon,weber.freenode.net
leming,miheli.ch,Kevin Mihelich,asimov.freenode.net
ansiwon,210.94.41.89,Andi,orwell.freenode.net
Avenzoar,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-hhlmhngiflvleark,Avenzoar,niven.freenode.net
arnd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wlewwyizcllshtvr,Arnd Bergmann,wilhelm.freenode.net
decay,87-236-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,decay,adams.freenode.net
indy,shadow.kastnerove.cz,jkjr,card.freenode.net
Gottox,s01.de,Gottox,adams.freenode.net
zombah,195.34.41.43,InterNIC,karatkievich.freenode.net
luisbg,ubuntu/member/luisbg,Luis de Bethencourt,karatkievich.freenode.net
wiewo,fossencdi.org,Wolfgang Wiedmeyer,verne.freenode.net
genpaku,107.191.100.185,genpaku,asimov.freenode.net
bzyx,89.40.117.186,Marcin Jabrzyk,verne.freenode.net
dlan,gentoo/developer/dlan,lan,hitchcock.freenode.net
steev,gentoo/developer/steev,Steev Klimaszewski,adams.freenode.net
[7],rockbox/developer/TheSeven,Michael Sparmann,wilhelm.freenode.net
masta,unaffiliated/masta,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
pekka10,cm-84.210.7.5.getinternet.no,pekka,wilhelm.freenode.net
_whitelogger,uruz.whitequark.org,whitequark's logger bot,wolfe.freenode.net
mturquette,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dnnwcuajgagjsawi,Michael Turquette,sinisalo.freenode.net
libv,ppp-88-217-30-63.dynamic.mnet-online.de,Luc I. B. Verhaegen,orwell.freenode.net
Vasco_O,LOOK.MOM.I.AM.ON.TEH.INTARD.NET,Here be dragons,adams.freenode.net
Ultrasauce,blk-224-215-211.eastlink.ca,sauce,barjavel.freenode.net
cazzacarna,smida.it,Andi,orwell.freenode.net
krzk,185.24.219.32,Krzysztof Kozlowski,orwell.freenode.net
twitch153,gentoo/developer/twitch153,Devan Franchini,tepper.freenode.net
huawei,unaffiliated/huawei,huawei,wilhelm.freenode.net
ojn,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xtuqokvuwdmrogui,Olof Johansson,wolfe.freenode.net
csd,180.14.198.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,Christian Daudt,sinisalo.freenode.net
nashpa,dliviu.plus.com,Liviu Dudau,card.freenode.net
ssvb,dsl-espbrasgw1-54fa71-124.dhcp.inet.fi,Siarhei Siamashka,karatkievich.freenode.net
Wizzup,a82-161-36-93.adsl.xs4all.nl,Merlijn Wajer,hitchcock.freenode.net
javier__,li1376-123.members.linode.com,Javier Martinez Canillas,karatkievich.freenode.net
Turl,cyanogenmod/maintainer/Turl,<insert something here>,leguin.freenode.net
afaerber,p2003008667029F00121F74FFFEB923DC.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Andreas F�rber,karatkievich.freenode.net
atha,unaffiliated/athayde,Tiago Athayde,wolfe.freenode.net
LeandroLuiz,unaffiliated/leandroluiz,LLP,hitchcock.freenode.net
kov,debian/developer/kov,kov,adams.freenode.net
apahim,nat/redhat/x-uakgxlurjgqgujgv,Amador Pahim,hitchcock.freenode.net
Sir_Lestaty,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Sir Lestaty de Lioncourt,barjavel.freenode.net
nosferatu,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Nosferatu,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
scorphus,CAcert/User/scorphus,scorphus,weber.freenode.net
danielbruno,fedora/danielbruno,dbruno,weber.freenode.net
yurb_afk,wikipedia/Yuriy-Bulka,yurb,adams.freenode.net
wm-bot,wikimedia/bot/wm-bot,wm-bot,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
lays147,gateway/shell/kde/x-kevsbkeawgyuxvyg,Lays Rodrigues,adams.freenode.net
unormal,kde/fux,Mario Fux,adams.freenode.net
vanRijn,68-114-91-178.static.oxfr.ma.charter.com,Jason 'vanRijn' Kasper,verne.freenode.net
kfunk,kde/kfunk,Kevin Funk,verne.freenode.net
sgclark,ubuntu/member/sgclark,Scarlett Clark,adams.freenode.net
RangerRick,cpe-2606-A000-45C2-6901-82EE-73FF-FE9F-967E.dyn6.twc.com,Benjamin Reed,karatkievich.freenode.net
admiral0,146.185.129.69,Got ZNC?,verne.freenode.net
TheOneRing,amarok/developer/TheOneRing,Hannah,asimov.freenode.net
Mek,kde/mkruisselbrink,Marijn Kruisselbrink,verne.freenode.net
argonel,konversation/developer/argonel,argonel,adams.freenode.net
JoshW_,unaffiliated/joshwambua,Joseph Joshua,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
sKreamer,kde/forum/bot/sKreamer,KDE Forum Bot @ #kde-www | rbot (c) Giuseppe Bilot,adams.freenode.net
Fetch,gimel.cepheid.org,Warren,barjavel.freenode.net
DarylDarkfire,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kklsffkpxlkpuguv,Darkfire,wolfe.freenode.net
mt-dev,2604:a880:cad:d0::35:6001,Kenny Stier,wolfe.freenode.net
gildean,salaliitto.com,ok,asimov.freenode.net
ptx0,unaffiliated/ptx0,Our lord and saviour Cheesus Crust,sinisalo.freenode.net
bipolar,offsite.guru,Benjamin Long,hitchcock.freenode.net
Maakuth,lowfidelity.org,Markus Vuorio,wolfe.freenode.net
ryan`c,znc.rya.nc,ryan,sinisalo.freenode.net
Zouppen,moskova.liittovaltio.fi,Joel Lehtonen OH6EYA,adams.freenode.net
hbee,81-175-193-88.bb.dnainternet.fi,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
Anduck,unaffiliated/anduck,anduck,barjavel.freenode.net
indexzero,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hyedwmyimgfgzzoi,indexzero,rajaniemi.freenode.net
AphelionZ,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-brnaogvxwzhyvmzu,AphelionZ,sinisalo.freenode.net
dcousineau,dcousineau.sexy,Daniel Cousineau,asimov.freenode.net
hackygolucky,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ptuaxhfutevjykdu,Tracy Abrahms,wolfe.freenode.net
jeko,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ulzcbleyrgjvovqy,jeko,wilhelm.freenode.net
xming,gentoo/user/xming,xming,adams.freenode.net
misuto,46.101.227.189,Jakob,niven.freenode.net
lamarpavel,ip9234c40a.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,Lamar,adams.freenode.net
Mitar,common.tnode.com,Mitar,hitchcock.freenode.net
pguth,octans.uberspace.de,The Lounge User,tepper.freenode.net
pinkieval,pdpc/supporter/student/progval,Val Lorentz,sinisalo.freenode.net
ion,heh.fi,Jοhan Kiviniemi http://johan.kiviniemi.name/,tepper.freenode.net
angreifer,angreifer.org,Kevin,sinisalo.freenode.net
iinaj,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yvmglbposjvmolyc,iinaj,wilhelm.freenode.net
ffmad_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mouvjriowhhxxcug,ffmad,adams.freenode.net
voldyman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rgywkebfvmwjylow,Akshay Shekher,wilhelm.freenode.net
basilgohar,burtuqaal.hidayahonline.net,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
Guest66666,nyaa.kragniz.eu,nyaa,weber.freenode.net
yangwao,v6.syx.sk,Roman Nevikov,wilhelm.freenode.net
ygrek,ygrek.org.ua,--,niven.freenode.net
todder,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe2c:87da,todder,wolfe.freenode.net
ribasushi,mujunyku.leporine.io,Peter Rabbitson,karatkievich.freenode.net
Stskeeps,unaffiliated/stskeeps,moo,hitchcock.freenode.net
robmyers,gnu/social/robmyers,robcc,adams.freenode.net
edrex,174-25-175-69.ptld.qwest.net,Eric Drechsel,karatkievich.freenode.net
shakalaka,ec2-52-52-27-0.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,shakalaka,barjavel.freenode.net
lkcl,pcd186029.netvigator.com,lkcl,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Kane`,180.181.249.43,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
dvn,bnc.janky.solutions,dvn,karatkievich.freenode.net
kyledrake,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zovkkjztsqbdpkcp,Kyle Drake,leguin.freenode.net
bitspill,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zxixyosegkvwrvdl,bitspill,card.freenode.net
mafintosh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lshngepuimtuqwds,Mathias Buus,adams.freenode.net
brand0,lol.bxroberts.org,4life,asimov.freenode.net
jbenet,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kohjqdlvoqxoevrs,Juan Benet,adams.freenode.net
elimisteve,192.241.189.15,ubuntu,karatkievich.freenode.net
guybrush,unaffiliated/guybrush,patrick,kornbluth.freenode.net
mmuller,nj.enduden.com,Michael Muller,adams.freenode.net
bergie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jnqncwbconewxfyd,Henri Bergius,wilhelm.freenode.net
ebel,unaffiliated/ebel,rory,barjavel.freenode.net
flyingkiwi,manu.backend.hamburg,flyingkiwi,karatkievich.freenode.net
cblgh,c-31-208-80-171.cust.bredband2.com,cblgh,adams.freenode.net
bauruine_,213.239.205.247,bauruine,wolfe.freenode.net
wking,c-73-221-72-168.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,Trevor,hitchcock.freenode.net
dyce_,ns3290920.ip-5-135-184.eu,otr,weber.freenode.net
m0ns00n_,37.28.135.28,-,wolfe.freenode.net
ednilmoob,static.57.95.201.138.clients.your-server.de,boomlinde,karatkievich.freenode.net
mguentner,x5ce38c1a.dyn.telefonica.de,mguentner,sinisalo.freenode.net
iovoid,unaffiliated/iovoid,iovoid,wolfe.freenode.net
whyrusleeping,gx/dev/why,whyrusleeping,karatkievich.freenode.net
cmeik,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wnysptkkvntgvpfi,Christopher Meiklejohn,adams.freenode.net
oleavr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-orwxitadcjssaoaq,Ole André Vadla Ravnås,karatkievich.freenode.net
Nycatelos,unaffiliated/illusional,Yidhra Kthanid,wilhelm.freenode.net
fleeky__,x5ce58128.dyn.telefonica.de,fleeky,karatkievich.freenode.net
anderspree_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lcpqbjodmhmqfbqq,Julia,barjavel.freenode.net
kants,unaffiliated/kants,kants,barjavel.freenode.net
Igel,cjdns.io,Frei wie ein Igel,asimov.freenode.net
konubinix,162.48.7.109.rev.sfr.net,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
A124,unaffiliated/a124,Realname,verne.freenode.net
appa,64.137.173.68,appa,card.freenode.net
wak-work,2620:15c:2c5:3:b197:abfc:5da4:1b2f,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
sega01,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vfncthgmxlxnxvqo,Teran McKinney,wolfe.freenode.net
AtnNn,circus.atnnn.com,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
d6e,c-73-157-54-46.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,parityb[^ot].*,adams.freenode.net
grncdr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hpokibvbwdiztqfo,Stephen,wilhelm.freenode.net
Ragnis,doa2.aragnis.com,Ragnis,verne.freenode.net
richardlitt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-igtkgydoyuohuwad,Richard Littauer,karatkievich.freenode.net
aristid,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xfstolwuskflyffw,Aristid Breitkreuz,wolfe.freenode.net
fil_redpill,gateway/shell/matrix.org/x-uctsfhbhkbfwsozd,@fil:matrix.org,adams.freenode.net
Aaron1011,unaffiliated/aaron1011,Aaron Hill,barjavel.freenode.net
stevenroose,vps.weuste.club,Steven Roose,karatkievich.freenode.net
sknebel,2a01:4f8:201:2382::18,sknebel,adams.freenode.net
mikolalysenko,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zwosrusbpptqjaoe,Mikola Lysenko,karatkievich.freenode.net
kevina,pool-108-51-119-88.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Kevin Atkinson,barjavel.freenode.net
amiller,unaffiliated/socrates1024,Andrew Miller,sinisalo.freenode.net
manveru,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dbxbjqlnsbqnvirm,Michael Fellinger,adams.freenode.net
lohkey,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dijieyvbxayfheno,joseph moniz,card.freenode.net
hpk,hq2.merlinux.eu,holger krekel,weber.freenode.net
xa0,unaffiliated/uoy,zeta,karatkievich.freenode.net
yoshuawuyts,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hlnzqkginilpigbb,yoshuawuyts,sinisalo.freenode.net
alanz,gateway/shell/firrre/x-tuqpcippfbkyuzmf,alanz,adams.freenode.net
fiatjaf,162.243.220.95,~,orwell.freenode.net
wunki,2a01:4f8:212:1792::2,Petar Radosevic,niven.freenode.net
bren2010,unaffiliated/bren2010,Brendan,leguin.freenode.net
clavi,163-172-10-77.rev.poneytelecom.eu,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
anaptrix,159.203.249.127,Nobody,rajaniemi.freenode.net
keks,139.59.136.165,keks,karatkievich.freenode.net
seg_violation,rasalhague.uberspace.de,segfault,sinisalo.freenode.net
tg,unaffiliated/tg,tg,karatkievich.freenode.net
herzmeister,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/herzmeister,herzmeister der welten,hitchcock.freenode.net
seagreen,gateway/shell/ncsu/x-ugvtfaowiyxcdvqc,seagreen,asimov.freenode.net
Ronsor,unaffiliated/ronsor,Ronsor RULEZ open star,karatkievich.freenode.net
voxelot,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xpndlmlbxpddfjgb,voxelot,rajaniemi.freenode.net
victorbjelkholm,yetti.xyz,victorbjelkholm,verne.freenode.net
xrogaan,gateway/shell/firrre/x-tfmwdmavkavabwba,xrogaan,adams.freenode.net
voker57,kvirc/developer/Voker57,Voker57,niven.freenode.net
erikj,unaffiliated/erikj,Erik,barjavel.freenode.net
Guest78791[m],gateway/shell/matrix.org/x-snhpfipigkdkeixi,@78791:matrix.org,karatkievich.freenode.net
Hijiri,104.236.61.10,Hijiri,karatkievich.freenode.net
ansuz,li778-163.members.linode.com,ansuz,orwell.freenode.net
brendyn,li568-31.members.linode.com,無名者,wolfe.freenode.net
gwillen,unaffiliated/gwillen,Glenn Willen,karatkievich.freenode.net
lassulus,lassul.us,lass,wilhelm.freenode.net
kanzure,unaffiliated/kanzure,Bryan Bishop,weber.freenode.net
nskelsey_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nszpvuzjekfnxjxq,nick,leguin.freenode.net
lemmi,lpm.pw,lemmi,orwell.freenode.net
metaf5,31.220.42.38,none,hitchcock.freenode.net
rawtaz,rho.hobbyhotellet.se,Leo R. Lundgren,weber.freenode.net
Poefke,web.multigator.net,Poefke,karatkievich.freenode.net
thefinn93,unaffiliated/thefinn93,finn,sinisalo.freenode.net
pepesza,185.83.218.228,pepesza,orwell.freenode.net
area,unaffiliated/area,area,karatkievich.freenode.net
cehteh,pipapo.org,ct,adams.freenode.net
eternalfrost,71-82-217-45.dhcp.mdsn.wi.charter.com,eternalfrost,asimov.freenode.net
kode54,losno.co,Christopher Snowhill,card.freenode.net
reit,unaffiliated/reit,reit,adams.freenode.net
Oatmeal,2602:306:3676:c60:58f0:6b14:58b8:7862,8bit SuzieQueue,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nausea,unaffiliated/neofreak,we travel on the quiet road,wolfe.freenode.net
Yatekii,ns3002193.ip-37-59-41.eu,Noah,asimov.freenode.net
briarrose,pdpc/supporter/active/briarrose,briarrose,orwell.freenode.net
bsm1175321,38.121.165.30,purple,asimov.freenode.net
damongant,unaffiliated/damongant,Damon Gant,rajaniemi.freenode.net
drathir,unaffiliated/drathir,drathir,karatkievich.freenode.net
_mak,quassel.woboq.com,mak,barjavel.freenode.net
caseorganic,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zfwpwdyazzlbkuzk,Amber Case,wilhelm.freenode.net
jager,fsf/member/jager,jag,wilhelm.freenode.net
Pent,S01061c1b689d60c9.cg.shawcable.net,jon pant,tepper.freenode.net
child,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jkdaltuyolmlltip,bland,wilhelm.freenode.net
chris613,24-52-218-227.cable.teksavvy.com,Chris 613,barjavel.freenode.net
Qwazerty,elena.qwazerty.eu,Kevin Houdebert,tepper.freenode.net
wlp1s1,unaffiliated/iczero,iczero,rajaniemi.freenode.net
step21,triangulum.uberspace.de,step21,wilhelm.freenode.net
robogoat,163.172.136.88,robogoat,wolfe.freenode.net
jmelis,185.14.185.230,Jaime Melis,weber.freenode.net
aedigix,pris.im,Anthony Eufemio,adams.freenode.net
joeyh,elephant.kitenet.net,Joey Hess,tepper.freenode.net
Arw_,ec2-52-40-176-79.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Got ZNC?,tepper.freenode.net
Sigma,unaffiliated/sigma,Yann Hodique,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Aranjedeath,unaffiliated/aranjedeath,Aranjedeath,rajaniemi.freenode.net
soloojos,gateway/tor-sasl/soloojos,realname,zelazny.freenode.net
null_radix,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-rlobvrjyjhyjwkhn,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,niven.freenode.net
martinBrown,unaffiliated/martinbrown,martinBrown,wolfe.freenode.net
andoma,zebes.lonelycoder.com,Andreas Smas,tepper.freenode.net
colpoplasty,31.173.212.186,r3,wilhelm.freenode.net
krzysiekj,212.180.229.134,Krzysztof Jurewicz,wolfe.freenode.net
bret,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-thzaumlzwpolfmxh,Bret Comnes,leguin.freenode.net
bmoriarty,107.170.22.10,Brendan Moriarty,verne.freenode.net
kitcambridge,gateway/web/mozilla/x-wndzzrdlypdetwwr,Kit Cambridge,orwell.freenode.net
giodamelio,104.131.141.18,Gio d'Amelio,niven.freenode.net
Muis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mboavbhdwqptjcez,Muis,wilhelm.freenode.net
jhulten,fa847c0f-50d3-4474-8de1-93fbdbac77d2.node.dockerapp.io,J Hulten,asimov.freenode.net
[0__0],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me/,orwell.freenode.net
cjb,subway.printf.net,Chris Ball,verne.freenode.net
prettymuchbryce,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xwohuzgyzizrntvu,prettymuchbryce,wilhelm.freenode.net
slothbag,CPE-58-173-16-63.bmzq1.cht.bigpond.net.au,Adium User,barjavel.freenode.net
locusf,a88-112-228-79.elisa-laajakaista.fi,Aleksi Suomalainen,leguin.freenode.net
kpcyrd,2a03:b0c0:0:1010::16f:4001,kpcyrd,wilhelm.freenode.net
omnigoat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-omaoeoqzudzmmyst,maaaaaaaah,leguin.freenode.net
gorhgorh,95.85.50.194,gorhgorh,karatkievich.freenode.net
geoah,lounge.noodles.gr,George Antoniadis,barjavel.freenode.net
tiago,unaffiliated/ttsda,Tiago,card.freenode.net
tangent128,198.62.109.158,Tangent,wilhelm.freenode.net
lapinot,163.172.146.251,lapinot,barjavel.freenode.net
diffalot,unaffiliated/papyromancer,Andrew Davis,adams.freenode.net
ben___,crypt.ly,ben,hitchcock.freenode.net
aggelos_,hppc774.few.vu.nl,Angelos Oikonomopoulos,leguin.freenode.net
rflot,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eomcupmbeqebsltp,rflot,wilhelm.freenode.net
haad,146.185.131.238,carol,karatkievich.freenode.net
karissa,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gzsqrdlozcrjoerr,karissa,adams.freenode.net
akkad,166.84.6.60,akkad,orwell.freenode.net
kumavis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bcneqvjffngnkbuq,aaron,adams.freenode.net
dan1,45.125.244.61,dan,orwell.freenode.net
special,unaffiliated/special,John Brooks,orwell.freenode.net
sugarpuff,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ihnshhzmkbpyzcdo,sugarpuff,wilhelm.freenode.net
yoosi,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/yoosi,yoosi,adams.freenode.net
infinity0,freenet/developer/infinity0,unset,weber.freenode.net
jonnycrunch,c-50-132-234-40.hsd1.tn.comcast.net,jonnycrunch,sinisalo.freenode.net
pescobar,unaffiliated/pescobar,pescobar,barjavel.freenode.net
zmanian,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vugldubckcmykpgf,Zaki Manian,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kaotisk,46-179-77.adsl.cyta.gr,kaotisk,niven.freenode.net
redfish,2a00:1838:20:2::8431:610f,redfish,sinisalo.freenode.net
nivekuil,168.235.94.90,no,weber.freenode.net
risk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zhwsnwysxcdenhev,risk,wolfe.freenode.net
gsf,pdpc/supporter/active/gsf,gsf,wilhelm.freenode.net
mvollrath,hydra.axisofentropy.net,Matt Vollrath,sinisalo.freenode.net
steefmin,138-247-144-85.ftth.glasoperator.nl,steefmin,barjavel.freenode.net
draynium,45.63.76.107,needs coffee,rajaniemi.freenode.net
r04r,unaffiliated/r04r,r04r,asimov.freenode.net
dmr,fsf/member/dmr,David Matthew Rolek (Dave),wolfe.freenode.net
pawal,vic20.blipp.com,Patrik Wallstrom,asimov.freenode.net
pinbot,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::42:7001,pinbot,niven.freenode.net
pp7y7,80-219-202-153.dclient.hispeed.ch,...,weber.freenode.net
level56,192.241.253.65,irc,adams.freenode.net
Xe,infoforcefeed/Xe,Xe,weber.freenode.net
Tsutsukakushi,163.172.151.191,Yui Hirasawa,leguin.freenode.net
ecloud,nat/qt/x-fwbmgegqbvibogfy,Shawn Rutledge,leguin.freenode.net
tmg,unaffiliated/tmg,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
em-ly,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kwjlwjwuycyageif,yayy,wilhelm.freenode.net
pguth38,indus.uberspace.de,Per,wolfe.freenode.net
captain_morgan,104.236.136.56,derp,barjavel.freenode.net
zjohnson,guava.jsy.net,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
spilotro,84.39.116.180,spilotro,karatkievich.freenode.net
lachenmayer,gateway/shell/firrre/x-qacequrhfnujnszk,Harry Lachenmayer,adams.freenode.net
arcalinea,107.170.199.33,Jay,wolfe.freenode.net
zombu2,64.137.252.228,zombu2,karatkievich.freenode.net
kvda,unaffiliated/kvda,Person A,roddenberry.freenode.net
silotis,c-24-4-122-142.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Steven Siloti,weber.freenode.net
dbri,192.154.96.123,dbri,verne.freenode.net
The_8472,2a02:8070:8488:ab00:d250:99ff:fe0a:48eb,nobody,sinisalo.freenode.net
cwill,gateway/shell/club.cc.cmu.edu/x-ficcrgryorpowomt,Chris W.,asimov.freenode.net
codebam,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-pdxlxxutkmikrxgm,codebam,karatkievich.freenode.net
Alaura,2600:8804:5906:300:d921:35cd:ce16:fd7b,Alaura Leaf Loveless,karatkievich.freenode.net
bengl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-udxsgnrqmpkftuxf,bengl,wolfe.freenode.net
anandthakker,ec2-52-37-31-135.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Anand Thakker,karatkievich.freenode.net
screensaver,a82-161-247-96.adsl.xs4all.nl,nodeJS IRC client,tepper.freenode.net
HastaJun_,gateway/web/freenode/ip.85.228.204.232,85.228.204.232 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
poga,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bdbvsikijxxyxgnu,Poga Po,wilhelm.freenode.net
UukGoblin,unaffiliated/uukgoblin,someone,asimov.freenode.net
warner,173-228-80-38.dsl.static.fusionbroadband.com,unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
nicolagreco,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ouwjcxnnrwrvlkih,Nicola,karatkievich.freenode.net
cdata,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jkxxcgvykoijwcsg,Chris Joel,wolfe.freenode.net
dansup,ks4000028.ip-198-245-60.net,Dan Sup,weber.freenode.net
asyncsrc_,unaffiliated/asyncsrc-/x-8147711,asyncsrc_,niven.freenode.net
sdgathman,wsip-70-184-247-44.dc.dc.cox.net,Stuart D. Gathman,wolfe.freenode.net
elasticdog,archlinux/fellow/elasticdog,Aaron Bull Schaefer,weber.freenode.net
tundracomp,vsrv77162.customer.xenway.de,Go figure...,wilhelm.freenode.net
Akaibu,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nhlgkzasabjofgep,pokeball99,adams.freenode.net
mrpoopyb1,167.88.115.28,mrpoopybutthole,leguin.freenode.net
xelra,unaffiliated/xelra,Xel'Ra,adams.freenode.net
echo_oddly,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe89:10be,David Virgilio,karatkievich.freenode.net
nekomune,comfy.moe,Compile. Conform. Perform.,asimov.freenode.net
retrohacker,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jbdkduutahlslsjj,Will Blankenship,adams.freenode.net
wa7son,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-olatwzmukxtkmugc,Thomas Watson,sinisalo.freenode.net
ploop,unaffiliated/ruukasu,ploop,barjavel.freenode.net
ghtdak,unaffiliated/ghtdak,ghtdak,orwell.freenode.net
chovy,pdpc/supporter/active/chovy,Chovy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Axman6,pdpc/supporter/student/Axman6,Alex Mason,roddenberry.freenode.net
lidel,unaffiliated/lidel,lidel,sinisalo.freenode.net
feross,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vtkompkipatvahiw,Feross Aboukhadijeh,wolfe.freenode.net
baikal,107.161.0.78,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
oed,itphone.edstud.chalmers.se,joelto,leguin.freenode.net
geir1,162.218.232.246,1,barjavel.freenode.net
xnaveira,2a03:b0c0:2:d0::c4:4001,Xavier,wolfe.freenode.net
Nukien,162.250.233.55,Got ZNC?,niven.freenode.net
faenil,static.186.47.47.78.clients.your-server.de,Andrea Bernabei,wolfe.freenode.net
Tristitia,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,One with Darkness,sinisalo.freenode.net
s_kunk,unaffiliated/s-kunk/x-5139101,s_kunk,wilhelm.freenode.net
Bill-Daffodil-14,gw-sfo.plos.org,Bill OConnor,sinisalo.freenode.net
riveter,ec2.happyspork.com,Rose,wolfe.freenode.net
mikeal,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mzcetzizddwlwvjq,Mikeal Rogers,wilhelm.freenode.net
ne1,2001:41d0:e:45e::1,sorry,adams.freenode.net
NeoTeo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tlryiwvhplphhgrf,Teo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Teeed,na1noc.pl,teeed,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bigs,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sbwvhlmfueaslouf,Cole Brown,wilhelm.freenode.net
jdloft,wikimedia/Negative24,jdloft,wolfe.freenode.net
patagonicus,ns3290870.ip-5-135-184.eu,patagonicus,adams.freenode.net
lentan,2607:ea00:107:2001:21f9:85b:815c:29aa,lentan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
galois_dmz,2001:4870:e08e:201:5810:4f16:7c1:f763,galois_dmz,wilhelm.freenode.net
linear,unaffiliated/linear,L,karatkievich.freenode.net
sbruce,104.131.86.130,Shaun Bruce,sinisalo.freenode.net
yosafbridge,68.ip-149-56-14.net,yosafbridge,orwell.freenode.net
ajp,2001:19f0:ac00:b0:5400:ff:fe28:ca2b,Quassel IRC User,adams.freenode.net
nunofmn,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vledoanzcpdyyqao,Nuno Nogueira,wolfe.freenode.net
kerozene,unaffiliated/kerozene,kerozene,niven.freenode.net
Guest22330,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gkqqkaxgzfaalstz,Stephan Seidt,adams.freenode.net
Bat`O,shm67-1-81-56-107-165.fbx.proxad.net,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
SoreGums,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-munpgltkizawtene,SoreGums,wilhelm.freenode.net
substack,104.131.0.235,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
apiarian,pool-100-1-127-11.nwrknj.fios.verizon.net,apiarian,rajaniemi.freenode.net
koshii,c-50-151-108-105.hsd1.in.comcast.net,koshii,sinisalo.freenode.net
jryans,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bcobkfympjpiguti,J. Ryan Stinnett,karatkievich.freenode.net
WindPower,perot.me,4096R/974EE250 | https://perot.me/,roddenberry.freenode.net
kragniz,nyaa.kragniz.eu,kragniz,asimov.freenode.net
gigq,45-20-197-26.lightspeed.austtx.sbcglobal.net,Justin,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kubuxu,51.254.25.17,Kubuxu,adams.freenode.net
bcavileer,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wdijavxjmrkxngtv,bcavileer,wolfe.freenode.net
emschwartz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rfqfzqwydwdaeeng,Evan,orwell.freenode.net
plddrr,dogecoin/developer/plddr,plddr,niven.freenode.net
evernite-,54.93.37.235,Got ZNC?,verne.freenode.net
sevcsik,sevdev.hu,Andras Sevcsik,adams.freenode.net
zielmicha_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mbhmxumqbvrprguu,Michał Zieliński,adams.freenode.net
prosody,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-okwbtnfulegpqetx,.'rosody Vereable Context(°,adams.freenode.net
azdle,104.236.199.143,azdle,karatkievich.freenode.net
edubai__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xzzjjrgzbzktbljr,edubai,rajaniemi.freenode.net
OstlerDev,unaffiliated/ostlerdev,OstlerDev,card.freenode.net
strixy,45.55.138.164,strixy,asimov.freenode.net
chromakode,reddit/admins/chromakode,Max,asimov.freenode.net
ogd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ugoqueelxlyaavob,Computer Entity,wolfe.freenode.net
jhiesey,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jndbxswabmvgctlq,John Hiesey,adams.freenode.net
graffen,mail.ffen.dk,Jesper Hess Nielsen,wilhelm.freenode.net
shazow,192.241.234.119,shazow,adams.freenode.net
rodarmor,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe61:6c68,rodarmor,niven.freenode.net
cwahlers_,201-93-104-113.dial-up.telesp.net.br,Claus Wahlers,adams.freenode.net
Qwertie,unaffiliated/qwertie,Qwertie,orwell.freenode.net
rektide_,eldergods.com,rektide,orwell.freenode.net
sickill,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-twfkvgwddvmyigrr,Marcin Kulik,wolfe.freenode.net
vandemar,nginx/adept/vandemar,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
ELLIOTTCABLE,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qkatvegbxzvtudpe,Elliott Cable,sinisalo.freenode.net
gmoro,193.120.208.221,Guilherme Moro,tepper.freenode.net
r0kk3rz,40.122.55.120,rockliffel,orwell.freenode.net
mg,cassarossa.samfundet.no,Martin Gammelsæter,leguin.freenode.net
hsanjuan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hhqevwwbarxdcdtx,Hector,karatkievich.freenode.net
peterix,quassel.woboq.com,Petr Mrazek,niven.freenode.net
ebarch,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zhpnvxrrjckpxgbm,Eric Barch,verne.freenode.net
rabbitface3,192.241.197.29,rabbit,rajaniemi.freenode.net
_whitelogger,uruz.whitequark.org,whitequark's logger bot,wolfe.freenode.net
tibor,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tuqmtnctodiuptah,Tibor Vass,adams.freenode.net
mappum,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pvbatempfqkljggs,Matt,wolfe.freenode.net
seharder,216.187.174.202,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
alu,unaffiliated/alu,alu,card.freenode.net
hosh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jahwqbrgxdckzgof,Ho-Sheng Hsiao,wolfe.freenode.net
taaem,unaffiliated/taaem,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
achin,overviewer/dev/achin,achin,card.freenode.net
Anduck,unaffiliated/anduck,anduck,barjavel.freenode.net
demize,archlinux/trusteduser/demize,Johannes Löthberg <johannes@kyriasis.com>,niven.freenode.net
trn,prone.ws,Jeff Johnson,asimov.freenode.net
anonymuse,ip-64-134-191-160.public.wayport.net,Jesse,card.freenode.net
Mateon1,unaffiliated/mateon1,Mateon1,hitchcock.freenode.net
eater,tamako.eoc.io,eater.,niven.freenode.net
stilldavid,stilldavid.com,David,asimov.freenode.net
antonizoon,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sxmixeimtximhowi,antonizoon,karatkievich.freenode.net
ylp,2a01:e35:8b61:df20:8472:921:8568:761e,ylp,adams.freenode.net
Edur,openmafia.org,Sebastian K.,kornbluth.freenode.net
eibriel,186.135.13.44,purple,barjavel.freenode.net
pjz,place.org,Paul Jimenez,barjavel.freenode.net
nullstyle,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ikdubyfnbzavipvd,Scott Fleckenstein,wilhelm.freenode.net
Monokles,hypervisor.pro,Monokles,tepper.freenode.net
henriquev,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tbbcoowfbzyxypwa,Henrique Vicente,wolfe.freenode.net
c0dehero,i.have.ipv6.on.coding4coffee.org,codehero,adams.freenode.net
m3s,unaffiliated/f0rked,Matt Sparks,adams.freenode.net
deltab,ds6266.dedicated.turbodns.co.uk,deltab,niven.freenode.net
jclay,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zxmdlvrrfscvuqcd,Jesse Clayburgh,weber.freenode.net
ugjka,ugjka.net,UgisG,card.freenode.net
chungy,2001:0:53aa:64c:2830:23e3:e7ee:f2cc,Mike Swanson,rajaniemi.freenode.net
niekie,unaffiliated/niek,Niek Bergman,card.freenode.net
machinaut,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-apqelacbnquzcwan,aray,wolfe.freenode.net
zignig,bl3dr.com,Simon Kirkby,leguin.freenode.net
Taek,2001:41d0:1:472e::,Quassel IRC User,wilhelm.freenode.net
bmpvieira,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bqwffgholyledrcj,bmpvieira,wilhelm.freenode.net
kegsay_,iroquois-mxisp.openmarket.com,kegan,hitchcock.freenode.net
barnacs,justletit.be,Barna Csorogi,weber.freenode.net
cypher,unaffiliated/cypher,cypher,niven.freenode.net
aaaaaaaaa____,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cpxggixppeptsyhk,a*rg,wolfe.freenode.net
bigbluehat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-skewvceaclsgzyxr,BigBlueHat,barjavel.freenode.net
brixen,208.68.39.152,Brian Shirai,karatkievich.freenode.net
gozala,gateway/web/mozilla/x-grfzlsjlxhshtmdu,Irakli Gozalishvili,hitchcock.freenode.net
mbrock,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mwkmuwvpnnyvnufv,Mikael Brockman,adams.freenode.net
daviddias,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ptwlxdjwthqzvnpd,David Dias,rajaniemi.freenode.net
harleyk,108.61.195.61,Harley Kelley,adams.freenode.net
TeMPOraL,temporal.superuser.org.pl,Jacek Zlydach,asimov.freenode.net
Magik6k,magik6k.net,Magik6k,sinisalo.freenode.net
ianopolous,92.43.104.75,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
frood,prestwi.ch,James,hitchcock.freenode.net
vtomole,gateway/web/freenode/ip.174.20.154.98,174-20-154-98.mpls.qwest.net/174.20.154.98,herbert.freenode.net
wallacoloo_,71-35-107-40.tukw.qwest.net,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
saintromuald__,dynamic-acs-24-239-99-170.zoominternet.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
shaunooo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-aazzilbsrceijxgl,Shaun,wolfe.freenode.net
ljhms,h-170-46.a486.priv.bahnhof.se,ljhms,card.freenode.net
lgierth,amadeu.berlinmesh.net,Lars,sinisalo.freenode.net
z0mfg,212-51-143-20.fiber7.init7.net,z0mfg,hitchcock.freenode.net
Pharyngeal,cortex.ventricle.us,Pharyngeal,roddenberry.freenode.net
fxrs_,192.227.212.130,ZNC - http://znc.in,karatkievich.freenode.net
tperson,2604:a880:1:20::200:9001,Travis Person,niven.freenode.net
klaas,simply.kla.as,klaas,kornbluth.freenode.net
ausi,91.133.91.204,Adium-Benutzer,tepper.freenode.net
chopsticks,2001:1608:12:1:f8a1:cb01:10f1:101,vR000Mzz,karatkievich.freenode.net
Chris`,gateway/shell/uberspace.de/x-ftufpedxbepvxtbz,Chris,wilhelm.freenode.net
misterjack,voyager.le-hosting.de,Richard Hering,karatkievich.freenode.net
RavuAlHemio,dbowncloud.edvlab.tuwien.ac.at,Ondra,wilhelm.freenode.net
jeti-power,mailstorage3.tf-network.de,Jens,karatkievich.freenode.net
camokazee,roath.org,camokazee,verne.freenode.net
Dschingiz,109.ip-92-222-90.eu,John Doe,hitchcock.freenode.net
xtra,2a01:1e8:e118:100::111,Zocky Mc Hacker,adams.freenode.net
Guest21509,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-pharnipehyrsjbni,Riccardo Bello,sinisalo.freenode.net
zero85,mail.rtft.de,zero,adams.freenode.net
schtobi,services.nutime.de,Schtobi,wilhelm.freenode.net
aybe,ip-94-114-125-142.unity-media.net,Andreas,wilhelm.freenode.net
wusch,2a01:4f8:161:90ea::2,wusch,adams.freenode.net
kirsten,pchrz-11104.hrz.uni-giessen.de,purple,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Monty_,2a01:4f8:130:3404:15:0:7a:6e63,Monty,adams.freenode.net
bnf,bnfr.net,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
thorsten`,apus.uberspace.de,Thorsten W.,weber.freenode.net
bytehead,vps1.1up.io,bytehead,adams.freenode.net
Kaethe,neosynth.net,Neon,adams.freenode.net
Remi__,gateway/web/freenode/ip.68.168.180.135,68-168-180-135.fttp.usinternet.com/68.168.180.135,herbert.freenode.net
Nagare,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-glwyxwxrlhbobugp,Nagare,wilhelm.freenode.net
dragonshardz,ec2-54-68-124-45.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Herley,sinisalo.freenode.net
HelWintur,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zfaacgpwtpmmattl,DWC,karatkievich.freenode.net
Fire_Drill,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pgpiazvhppreexgg,Elvander,wolfe.freenode.net
Persona,neosynth.net,Neon,verne.freenode.net
Crosshair,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yzouprvifusxjyqn,Bob The 3rd,wolfe.freenode.net
Hot_Wire,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lelmaxezkzvrtkuf,Egor Romanenkov,wilhelm.freenode.net
Redback_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nlwtzomyctansfjm,Elvander,wolfe.freenode.net
Breag,gateway/web/freenode/ip.68.168.180.135,68-168-180-135.fttp.usinternet.com/68.168.180.135,herbert.freenode.net
Regal,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pyhfbzsceyelcxci,Sevastapol,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sariane,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bncqrppaxbvyhyfk,katohearts,karatkievich.freenode.net
Muse|,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-okszgfznuwsnpjnd,Claire Semple,karatkievich.freenode.net
Devi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sfapeuqjlmnqlixh,AlsoKato,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Athena_GoW,c-71-195-72-114.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,...,verne.freenode.net
Rabbit___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ftatmkxaqozbktyu,Tekomandor,wilhelm.freenode.net
viq,unaffiliated/viq,viq,orwell.freenode.net
arkimedes,199.58.81.144,ark,hitchcock.freenode.net
zoid,unaffiliated/taxationistheft,Taxation is Theft,niven.freenode.net
michele,unaffiliated/michele,Michele,wilhelm.freenode.net
IronY,unaffiliated/irony,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
munsterman311,2a00:1838:20:2::3d5b:4dcb,Got ZNC?,niven.freenode.net
Doomaholic,unaffiliated/doomaholic,Doom,karatkievich.freenode.net
Darc,unaffiliated/darc,Darc,tepper.freenode.net
fs0ciety,fsociety.info,mr.evilcorp,asimov.freenode.net
xyassin,unaffiliated/xyassin,xyassin,verne.freenode.net
lilCodie,i.am.the.fsociety.guru,lilCodie,niven.freenode.net
MrNodeBot,irony.fsociety.guru,MrNodeBot,card.freenode.net
murdercity,unaffiliated/murdercity,mcit,wilhelm.freenode.net
apollonaute,88.191.65.85,apollo,asimov.freenode.net
sekjun9878,unaffiliated/sekjun9878,Michael Yoo,orwell.freenode.net
asad,unaffiliated/asadh,Asad,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
RobertClarke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-aoghvexzfbzukuyo,Robert Clarke,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Knut,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ckqhvqklfgmylnoy,Knut Ahlers,wolfe.freenode.net
Luzifer,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ddazmcqkrqyatvbm,Knut Ahlers,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Lariana,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-miyqaifdeqhuagbg,VoxNoctem,wolfe.freenode.net
jarsonic|work,unaffiliated/jarsonic,.jarsonic | work,karatkievich.freenode.net
KDDLB,losno.co,Kevin Doncam Demian López Brante,karatkievich.freenode.net
rlabrecque,unaffiliated/rlabrecque,rlabrecque,card.freenode.net
thecanadianbacon,104.145.231.120,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
tehcloud,unaffiliated/tehcloud,T. E. Hezekiah Cloud,verne.freenode.net
mooch,68-185-193-16.dhcp.dntn.tx.charter.com,realname,adams.freenode.net
clobber,2604:a880:800:10::1c4c:e001,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
merry,calpol.us,Maribel,karatkievich.freenode.net
FL4SHK,2601:486:2:9870:c685:8ff:fe26:89e1,fl4shk,karatkievich.freenode.net
Panasonic,unaffiliated/panasonic,...,hitchcock.freenode.net
ds84182,hekate.pc-logix.com,ds84182,card.freenode.net
radius,mail.polygoncorp.com,Andres,leguin.freenode.net
lemmu,c-73-47-251-82.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,Lemmy Tsukuyomi,hitchcock.freenode.net
koris,gateway/vpn/mullvad/x-lrbxzkedkuicgrdf,koris,wolfe.freenode.net
darklink,p2003007F4F4D1221BA27EBFFFE2EA6A3.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Morten Delenk,wilhelm.freenode.net
kode54,losno.co,Christopher Snowhill,card.freenode.net
pauldachz,c-24-13-38-95.hsd1.il.comcast.net,pauldachz,wolfe.freenode.net
Caelum,cachemiss.com,Rafael Kitover,karatkievich.freenode.net
nicholatian,caveoforig.in,Sure, Not,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sanqui,unaffiliated/sanky,with thanks to ghormoon,tepper.freenode.net
FireFly,freenode/staff/firefly,FireFly,verne.freenode.net
Fa1th,46.101.133.147,John Doe,wilhelm.freenode.net
rewrite,unaffiliated/rewrite,rewrite,asimov.freenode.net
fydo,li337-251.members.linode.com,you wish,card.freenode.net
reillyeon,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fvdplxnrfyvsaxxd,Reilly Grant,adams.freenode.net
phire,119.252.27.69,Scott Mansell,asimov.freenode.net
rweichler,138.68.23.162,irc,wilhelm.freenode.net
MrVaporeon,vaporeon.io,Vaporeon,wilhelm.freenode.net
profi200,centaurus.uberspace.de,Who knows?,leguin.freenode.net
sergio-br2,177.33.247.89,S�rgio Benjamim,karatkievich.freenode.net
InusualZ,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-fposywmgpxunaqkc,Wesley Moret,asimov.freenode.net
asedeno,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uokabkikrgsaexfq,asedeno,adams.freenode.net
Ivoah,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ektfwvkrxvjppkpm,Noah Rosamilia,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nijoakim,c-94-255-233-169.cust.bredband2.com,Joakim Nilsson,hitchcock.freenode.net
JMC47,2601:40f:4280:500:847c:4d96:7b35:27f0,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Normmatt,104.37.170.139,Normmatt,wilhelm.freenode.net
yuriks,opentyrian/developer/yuriks,Takamachi Nanoha,adams.freenode.net
bentley`,75-161-72-30.albq.qwest.net,Anthony J. Bentley,orwell.freenode.net
kg,visu.li,kg,hitchcock.freenode.net
CaptainCaffeine,172.98.67.60,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
endrift,endrift.com,endrift,karatkievich.freenode.net
F3l1x_10m,theobromine.kitl.pw,Al3x_10m,orwell.freenode.net
Genolo,dande.re,エリナ,tepper.freenode.net
Two-Tone-,104-10-208-186.lightspeed.jcsnms.sbcglobal.net,purple,verne.freenode.net
Orichalcum,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe6e:7974,Orichalcum,sinisalo.freenode.net
FIQ,prgmr/customer/fiq,Fredrik Ljungdahl,weber.freenode.net
Extrems,presper.ipv6.extremscorner.org,https://www.extremscorner.org/,karatkievich.freenode.net
Subv,162.244.76.192,Got ZNC?,tepper.freenode.net
sedition,unaffiliated/sedition,root,adams.freenode.net
PMT,pool-96-239-110-82.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,PMT,hitchcock.freenode.net
x7C3,2a01:4f8:161:91b0::2,x7C3,niven.freenode.net
MrKB,c-76-26-178-107.hsd1.fl.comcast.net,realname,leguin.freenode.net
madaal,2604:a880:800:10::1a50:8001,madaal,karatkievich.freenode.net
Surkow|laptop,54680E40.cm-12-1a.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Sereth,niven.freenode.net
LunohoD,l.highsecure.ru,lunohod,hitchcock.freenode.net
nickoe,5b96fc67.rev.stofanet.dk,nickoe,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
laurent\,unaffiliated/laurent/x-4048133,none,sinisalo.freenode.net
c5n,quantec-gw0.dyndns.org,c5n,asimov.freenode.net
r30ng1n3rd,unaffiliated/r30ng1n3rd,r3,hitchcock.freenode.net
nopf,felderundfiguren.de,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
catsup,ps38852.dreamhost.com,d,karatkievich.freenode.net
g0dl1ke,atom.dawid.pw,godlike,kornbluth.freenode.net
emerson,freenode/staff/emerson,emerson,wilhelm.freenode.net
kaos,h7n8-vn-a12.ias.bredband.telia.com,kaos,card.freenode.net
Damage-X,pdpc/supporter/professional/AF-Domains,AF-Tor.net,niven.freenode.net
catcow,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lwhhnghenehdrqrd,joel,wolfe.freenode.net
duckydan,192.111.79.220,Dan,asimov.freenode.net
nadio,unaffiliated/nadio,nadio,leguin.freenode.net
eb0t,unaffiliated/eblip,ebot,karatkievich.freenode.net
barq,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-azoagbtfnxzvopnn,barq,verne.freenode.net
Alina-malina,unaffiliated/alina-malina,Alinka,verne.freenode.net
XDS2010,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-npgfvvkpmjmulcya,XAVIER,wolfe.freenode.net
stalled,unaffiliated/stalled,stalled,rajaniemi.freenode.net
netg,monero.pro,x,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ghostlight,ec2-54-187-97-144.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,ghostlight,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Phanes,unaffiliated/phanes,Zatara Phanes,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
starius,static.107.229.47.78.clients.your-server.de,starius,barjavel.freenode.net
jethrofloyd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fauiagktyupekqik,Ritobroto,leguin.freenode.net
gueriLLaPunK,guerillapunk.backtraced.yo.ass.from.inside.ur.seriesoftub.es,Your Mom,hitchcock.freenode.net
JamieH,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zglwkiwrlxnxtnmh,Jamie,leguin.freenode.net
]R[,2a01:e35:2ef2:d850:c816:aca:9a68:55c6,...,sinisalo.freenode.net
niko,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.niko,Nicolas Coevoet,weber.freenode.net
kumavis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bcneqvjffngnkbuq,aaron,adams.freenode.net
jjardon,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ijgbqofxqqqfodjc,Javier Jardón,rajaniemi.freenode.net
d1b,linode.d1b.org,db,hitchcock.freenode.net
carvite,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,carvite,wolfe.freenode.net
sotted,vmi85497.contabo.host,godlike,karatkievich.freenode.net
undiscerning,84.22.35.32,serban,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Sterl,c-73-153-26-15.hsd1.co.comcast.net,Sterl,weber.freenode.net
Einherjer,69.64.40.177,Viking,leguin.freenode.net
katymoe_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bxiumhragnpvfexp,Katy Moe,wolfe.freenode.net
scaryopse,vmi81666.contabo.host,Julien Bonnier,karatkievich.freenode.net
mwasilew,gateway/shell/linaro/x-tvpxjvnxazsnorhq,Milosz Wasilewski,card.freenode.net
jstultz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gkdggpecwajdxbxb,John Stultz,wolfe.freenode.net
bcc,linaro/bcc,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
scottb,linaro/scottb,Scott Bambrough,card.freenode.net
yroux,gateway/shell/linaro/x-qwsraepwffqbixdo,Yvan Roux,karatkievich.freenode.net
terceiro,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe69:3960,Antonio Terceiro,wilhelm.freenode.net
jul_,nat/arm/x-qnsaqamfjuivpddz,Julien Duraj,tepper.freenode.net
bhoj,gateway/shell/linaro/x-tnnulgunopxnpbun,Vishal Bhoj,leguin.freenode.net
tyler-baker,gateway/shell/linaro/x-hguwifjwmmmvthnr,Tyler Baker,card.freenode.net
matty-hart,132.30.189.80.dyn.plus.net,Matt Hart,tepper.freenode.net
lag,ubuntu/member/lag,Lee Jones,leguin.freenode.net
liuyq,180.150.157.29,Yongqin Liu,hitchcock.freenode.net
dzin,linaro/dzin,David Zinman,barjavel.freenode.net
davepigott,gateway/shell/linaro/x-hgvvordmnaeivrqx,Dave Pigott,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
stylesen,gateway/shell/linaro/x-cccbilggthwvczjz,Senthil Kumaran,adams.freenode.net
amros,gateway/shell/linaro/x-dlvqbyqxbgvizybf,Amro Hassaan,asimov.freenode.net
ciaran,gateway/shell/linaro/x-zhkfhujfirlwtqzi,Ciaran Moran,asimov.freenode.net
ryanarn,gateway/shell/linaro/x-knwibekccgxumybx,Ryan S. Arnold,barjavel.freenode.net
mrc3,gateway/shell/linaro/x-mdtfeknrtjxejbwp,Daniel Diaz,card.freenode.net
fabo,linaro/fabo,Fathi Boudra,adams.freenode.net
clyon,gateway/shell/linaro/x-iyoesbiettlsxwkl,Christophe Lyon,card.freenode.net
Gwaihir,ubuntu/member/gwaihir,Milo Casagrande,barjavel.freenode.net
shawnguo,gateway/shell/linaro/x-kbggxdhyacovyamk,shawnguo,hitchcock.freenode.net
stooart,gateway/shell/linaro/x-wjuumdupfikgkysk,Stuart Monteith,rajaniemi.freenode.net
fuwei_TN,110.89.243.103,Fu Wei,wolfe.freenode.net
lucz,linaro/lucz,Luca Sokoll,weber.freenode.net
doanac,unaffiliated/doanac,andy.doan,asimov.freenode.net
roxell,linaro/roxell,Anders Roxell,sinisalo.freenode.net
ototo,linaro/ototo,Serge Broslavsky,adams.freenode.net
suihkulokki,jessie.kos.to,Riku Voipio,hitchcock.freenode.net
Serbannn,gateway/shell/linaro/x-dliluadgcfdsynkn,Serban Constantinescu,card.freenode.net
CryptoTraderClub,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vuqbpkuszyeuqimz,Dave,adams.freenode.net
scorpio18,193.219.117.63,scorpio18,weber.freenode.net
ahmed_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bbuwknkwrmnvhvet,ahmedbodi,wolfe.freenode.net
pcmerc,108.47.217.122,Johnny Violence,rajaniemi.freenode.net
faheus,orion.uberspace.de,faheus,card.freenode.net
spaceSub_,smtp.the-space.agency,spaceSub,karatkievich.freenode.net
comawill,2a01:4f8:c17:642e::2,comawill,niven.freenode.net
tilpner,tilpner.com,tilpner,barjavel.freenode.net
EXoloN,exoz.net,Exolon Voncor,adams.freenode.net
Guest45102,gateway/shell/uberspace.de/x-ittfgdtvhgrleops,WTF,rajaniemi.freenode.net
StefanG,port-92-203-62-82.dynamic.qsc.de,Stefan,leguin.freenode.net
Ge0rG,op-co.de,Georg Lukas,wilhelm.freenode.net
rkbm,kesto.de,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
ads,palladium.wars-nicht.de,Andreas 'ads' Scherbaum,wolfe.freenode.net
larsan,gateway/shell/uberspace.de/x-dkjnxmlfqkeyeour,larsan,adams.freenode.net
th,unaffiliated/th,Tobias Hintze,verne.freenode.net
FeSpocky,2001:4dd0:ff00:940d::94,Alexander Dahl,wilhelm.freenode.net
eriu,picard.apfohl.com,eriu,wilhelm.freenode.net
LeSpocky,ipb2183f6c.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,Alexander Dahl,asimov.freenode.net
Valodim,mugenguild.com,Vincent,orwell.freenode.net
xrstf,2a01:4f8:d16:2207::2,Acid Burn,adams.freenode.net
Klaus_Dieter,x4e358996.dyn.telefonica.de,Klaus,leguin.freenode.net
apfohl,picard.apfohl.com,apfohl,orwell.freenode.net
maxxD,tilpner.com,maxxD,weber.freenode.net
hal39,picard.apfohl.com,nodeJS IRC client,tepper.freenode.net
earl,pdpc/supporter/active/earl,earl,wilhelm.freenode.net
Eleeleth,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-umpslaebgnctvcur,Anthony Clever,wilhelm.freenode.net
ringostarr,static.35.73.47.78.clients.your-server.de,RingoBot,verne.freenode.net
iiqux,strain.at,iiqux,adams.freenode.net
knittl,unaffiliated/knittl,knittl,wolfe.freenode.net
sysdef,debiancenter/founder.developer/pdpc.professional.sysdef,J. Heine,verne.freenode.net
zero85,mail.rtft.de,zero,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
PinkyFly,www.localghost.us,Pinky,verne.freenode.net
smib,217-68-251-26.adsl.elite.co.uk,So Make It Bot,tepper.freenode.net
yoshibot1,85.119.84.30,nodeJS IRC client,asimov.freenode.net
brackendawson,host86-174-94-193.range86-174.btcentralplus.com,Bracken Dawson,karatkievich.freenode.net
K4k,unaffiliated/k4k,K4k,hitchcock.freenode.net
gtmanfred,archlinux/trusteduser/gtmanfred,gtmanfred,wilhelm.freenode.net
jkennedy,knife.lugatgt.org,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
aeroevan,pool-72-66-71-22.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
Spyboticsguy,escapecraft.net,T. Allen,wilhelm.freenode.net
eternal_root,128.61.104.43,Collin Richards,wolfe.freenode.net
kurtisnelson,104.132.11.79,Kurt Nelson,barjavel.freenode.net
speet3,neon.kj4jzy.org,speet3,karatkievich.freenode.net
NathanBraswell[m,gateway/shell/matrix.org/x-kbrjupngedrpldmu,@miloignis:matrix.org,rajaniemi.freenode.net
vulgarchadbot,knife.lugatgt.org,valueadder,tepper.freenode.net
cyron,unaffiliated/cyron,Ehsan,asimov.freenode.net
seedy_k,knife.lugatgt.org,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
rvt,technites.in,Rohit Varkey Thankachan,orwell.freenode.net
Sarah,rebel.sarah.ninja,Sarah Day,orwell.freenode.net
bjgbob,unaffiliated/bjgbob,bjgbob,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rcurtin,knife.lugatgt.org,Ryan Curtin,hitchcock.freenode.net
gmacon,unaffiliated/gmacon,gmacon,karatkievich.freenode.net
jflory7,fedora/jflory7,Justin W. Flory,card.freenode.net
fignew,unaffiliated/fignew,Bubb Rubb,verne.freenode.net
anish,unaffiliated/anish,anish,card.freenode.net
bmartinez[m],gateway/shell/matrix.org/x-khqotnasuvrvpbvx,@bmartinez:matrix.org,adams.freenode.net
gsathya,unaffiliated/gsathya,Sathya,barjavel.freenode.net
scythe-,knife.lugatgt.org,scythe,asimov.freenode.net
Sionide21,knife.lugatgt.org,Sionide21,verne.freenode.net
esmerelofchaos,maelstrom.logrus.com,Lynette Miles,wilhelm.freenode.net
DyanneNova,cpe-71-68-115-234.carolina.res.rr.com,Nova,niven.freenode.net
drnikki,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-doxlbtxbhvjdfutb,Drnikki,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
antto,antonsavov.net,Dr h4x,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
fkautz,pdpc/supporter/student/qv,fkautz,wolfe.freenode.net
[0__0],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me/,orwell.freenode.net
abronan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jthhruntzxslvtqs,Alexandre Beslic,adams.freenode.net
feyd,ulrik.uio.no,na-Baron Feyd Rautha,card.freenode.net
tobiasvl,nostromo.uio.no,Tobias V. Langhoff,adams.freenode.net
DissidentRage,unaffiliated/dissidentrage,Yolo Swaggins,wolfe.freenode.net
syme,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nvrupqhcmgxvkoah,Syme B. B.,weber.freenode.net
RoyK,unaffiliated/royk,Roy Sigurd Karlsbakk,karatkievich.freenode.net
Swant,freenode/staff/ikea,IKEA,odin.freenode.net
Rurik,unaffiliated/temur,Textual User,barjavel.freenode.net
Lza,vathena.platon.sk,Lza,hitchcock.freenode.net
grumble,freenode/staff/grumble,grumble,sinisalo.freenode.net
lolcat,unaffiliated/energy-/x-7653247,lolcat,weber.freenode.net
Ainnir,irc.svalinn.org,Ainnir,adams.freenode.net
Aqwis,95.85.5.18,Aqwis,verne.freenode.net
freheims,138.197.129.165,Freheims,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Skuggen,monty.pvv.ntnu.no,Skuggen,card.freenode.net
faery,unaffiliated/absynthe-faery/x-6447756,Her Majesty of the Seas,niven.freenode.net
Corvus`,unaffiliated/wolf/x-7838296,1Corax,niven.freenode.net
Vijayendra_,111.93.218.67,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
yifei,205.177.226.236,yifei,tepper.freenode.net
rnoriega,nat/redhat/x-roqzbeahnkquoxdj,Ricardo Noriega,tepper.freenode.net
anipbu,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wodkrrsvpamdfcgk,anipbu,wolfe.freenode.net
igordcard,box.igordcard.com,Igor Duarte Cardoso,asimov.freenode.net
mgkwill,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-atpzoghayopzoikb,Marcus Williams,adams.freenode.net
isq,134.134.139.83,yamahata,adams.freenode.net
gzhao,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-evphyznebfhsyirt,George Zhao,adams.freenode.net
lori,unaffiliated/lori,Lori Jakab (@ljakab),niven.freenode.net
florinc,cpe-70-95-167-11.san.res.rr.com,Florin Coras,tepper.freenode.net
shague,107.13.111.205,Sam Hague,sinisalo.freenode.net
chasmo77,158.183-62-69.ftth.swbr.surewest.net,Al Turing,wilhelm.freenode.net
trozet,cpe-24-211-236-153.nc.res.rr.com,Tim Rozet,barjavel.freenode.net
mah,gateway/web/freenode/ip.194.95.169.90,fokus169090.fokus.fraunhofer.de/194.95.169.90,herbert.freenode.net
odl_meetbot,fw-g0-0.linux-foundation.org,Supybot 0.83.4.1+gribble (2011-08-12T18:12:56-0400,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChrisPriceAB,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-caqnwaoohkqlkmjh,Christopher Price,adams.freenode.net
dfarrell07,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dlyinogeroscwjtl,Daniel Farrell,adams.freenode.net
afredette,107.15.76.217,Andre Fredette,weber.freenode.net
hwoarang,gentoo/developer/hwoarang,Markos Chandras,verne.freenode.net
frankbrockners,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qfttzzdsljulgemp,Frank Brockners,adams.freenode.net
edwarnicke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nmzebkuesoahkjor,Ed Warnicke,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jguichar,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-khuuahxdpqadouek,Jim Guichard,adams.freenode.net
vina_ermagan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cphqcfzawsgywvmg,Vina Ermagan,niven.freenode.net
Chankster^,unaffiliated/chankster,Chankster,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MonkeyofDoom,2601:240:c400:5d33:dd62:5953:ca08:b49c,four,karatkievich.freenode.net
|Deech|,stlhs.archreactor.org,Just This Guy, You know?,card.freenode.net
thong,2a07:9944:20:22:ffff:ffff:ffff:fffe,nope - ZNC,leguin.freenode.net
Chank,unaffiliated/chankster,Chankster,adams.freenode.net
archbot,stlhs.archreactor.org,archbot,karatkievich.freenode.net
Guest98800,108-66-73-175.lightspeed.stlsmo.sbcglobal.net,Tron,leguin.freenode.net
jsgrant-,71-11-142-172.dhcp.stls.mo.charter.com,Joshua S. Grant,verne.freenode.net
Clarvel,2602:306:cce0:f110:d518:ed13:3239:3e54,Clarvel,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rtward,li1237-141.members.linode.com,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kamikazejoe,24-207-222-83.dhcp.stls.mo.charter.com,Kamikaze Joe,rajaniemi.freenode.net
||cw,unaffiliated/cw/x-1182934,chrisw,weber.freenode.net
filosofie,unaffiliated/filosofie, @ freenode,kornbluth.freenode.net
Bucuresti,gateway/shell/xshellz/x-ufmalemgdpzscmdo,##Bucuresti eggie :],rajaniemi.freenode.net
raijin,unaffiliated/raijin,raijin,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Bantalon,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uzpcooewmvmffyxw,Bantalon,wolfe.freenode.net
flerb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lfbofgqmzzfpoqlg,William Dover,adams.freenode.net
Schnitzelmacher,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-icsbxakiskibcwli,ogres,karatkievich.freenode.net
peaches,unaffiliated/mspeaches,peaches,wolfe.freenode.net
JacobEdelman,159.203.134.170,Jacob Edelman,verne.freenode.net
zero7,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nwxnzmzhizxeeyke,M.Tarek Abdellatif,wilhelm.freenode.net
g2,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-fmbddiepytagfvte,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
pocketprotector,unaffiliated/pocketprotector,* I'm not to lame to read BitchX.doc *,niven.freenode.net
Sam___,london.acm.jhu.edu,Samuel Beckley,orwell.freenode.net
opm,unaffiliated/opm,Pri,orwell.freenode.net
AtlasRisen,98.233.233.173,AtlaRising,tepper.freenode.net
shoup,45.63.76.107,Slick,leguin.freenode.net
Madbrad,1.ipv6.aegir.superbnc.com,SuperBNC - https://SuperBNC.com,sinisalo.freenode.net
badon,pdpc/supporter/active/badon,badon,tepper.freenode.net
yonatankoren_,ec2-52-32-209-141.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
birk0ff,185.120.126.8,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
justanotheruser,unaffiliated/justanotheruser,Justan,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
KimiNewt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-regapxhxqqgfuedx,KimiNewt,wilhelm.freenode.net
tony62,2a01:e34:ecc7:3200:225:22ff:febb:7fb0,realname,adams.freenode.net
temporalfox,cav13-1-82-66-166-124.fbx.proxad.net,Julien Viet,asimov.freenode.net
DrCode,5.28.134.3,DrCode,barjavel.freenode.net
Screech,2a01:e34:ef19:d150:a1fe:b3f0:495a:12ad,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
HomR,195.221.97.42,Guillaume Barré,card.freenode.net
stef74,69.243.134.77.rev.sfr.net,stef74,hitchcock.freenode.net
girafe,LFbn-1-8015-136.w90-112.abo.wanadoo.fr,girafe,barjavel.freenode.net
Jake,unaffiliated/jake,Jake Cairns,orwell.freenode.net
j0nnymoe,unaffiliated/j0nnymoe,j0nnymoe,niven.freenode.net
nox``,legras-mard.rev.opsnet.fr,Nicolas RAHIR,karatkievich.freenode.net
meaning,cream.seedhost.eu,meaning,karatkievich.freenode.net
yyy,w.0bl.net,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
vik,vik.io,vik,leguin.freenode.net
MikaXII,163.172.134.218,MikaXII,sinisalo.freenode.net
digitaLumberjack,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mcptmocqccbbkcme,digitaLumberjack,sinisalo.freenode.net
floreal,2a01:e34:ec27:8030::1337,Floréal (RPi),adams.freenode.net
bipnux,11.5-240-81.adsl-dyn.isp.belgacom.be,User Bipbip,leguin.freenode.net
captainigloo,ks389014.kimsufi.com,Nicolas Aguirre,adams.freenode.net
RecalD,163.172.134.218,RecalD,wolfe.freenode.net
Recalbot,163.172.134.218,Sopel: http://sopel.chat,asimov.freenode.net
Mowee,195-154-194-139.rev.poneytelecom.eu,_mowee,asimov.freenode.net
Sithyrra,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kifwjxkuinlgbyvm,Sithyrra,karatkievich.freenode.net
reivaax,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qkkrcipgeuijzvpa,Reivaax,barjavel.freenode.net
olc,paola.glou.fr,Olivier Le Cam,wolfe.freenode.net
ian57_taf,geonosis.lasc.isea.sciences.univ-metz.fr,yann,hitchcock.freenode.net
Roobin,85.11.2.76,...,leguin.freenode.net
user9,leoseb.ujf-grenoble.fr,user9,barjavel.freenode.net
meepmeep,end.of.cylind.re,meepmeep,sinisalo.freenode.net
Franz-,84.201.25.214,Franz,barjavel.freenode.net
blotus,omgw.tf,sblot,asimov.freenode.net
MeteK,net-2-36-15-111.cust.vodafonedsl.it,MeteK,orwell.freenode.net
fred``,earthli.ng,fred meissner,leguin.freenode.net
Graussak,ANancy-653-1-58-79.w109-217.abo.wanadoo.fr,Graussak,verne.freenode.net
exxd,ip68-97-242-128.ok.ok.cox.net,Textual User,rajaniemi.freenode.net
VorteCC,arg35-1-88-184-212-27.fbx.proxad.net,AndChat188244,orwell.freenode.net
Robsdedude,2a02:c207:2007:2346::1,Rouven,sinisalo.freenode.net
kivutar,95.130.13.198,Jean-André Santoni,rajaniemi.freenode.net
giing3r97,195-154-13-25.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Stephanie Loupion,karatkievich.freenode.net
_william_,53.132.10.109.rev.sfr.net,William Bonnet,weber.freenode.net
neolao,ns13.neolao.com,neolao,karatkievich.freenode.net
MarbleMad,82.234.160.126,...,barjavel.freenode.net
rockaddicted,mtu25-1-78-228-21-149.fbx.proxad.net,rockaddicted,wolfe.freenode.net
edcragg,82-70-136-246.dsl.in-addr.zen.co.uk,Ed,wolfe.freenode.net
seanhandley,185.98.149.14,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
ScarZy,185.98.148.25,ScarZy,card.freenode.net
lupine,unaffiliated/lupine-85/x-7392152,Nick Thomas,wolfe.freenode.net
gary_perkins,185.98.148.142,Gary Perkins,karatkievich.freenode.net
yankcrime,void.dischord.org,Nick Jones,wilhelm.freenode.net
persia,unaffiliated/persia,Emmet Hikory,asimov.freenode.net
statusbot,ec2-54-69-26-125.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Status.io Bot,orwell.freenode.net
joelio,163.172.84.71,Joel,orwell.freenode.net
acemon,CPEbcaec5e13ab7-CM78cd8ec1eb45.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,aceboogie,orwell.freenode.net
SiGNAL,unaffiliated/signal,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
cottongin,unaffiliated/cottongin,cottongin,wilhelm.freenode.net
Matador,quebecois.smoothstreams.tv,Matador,weber.freenode.net
k00l,e242.ip20.netikka.fi,The Chat Cool People Use,verne.freenode.net
bob1884,166.223.106.216.unassigned.sdncommunications.com,darkness,sinisalo.freenode.net
Knunez,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe73:d6ac,Kevin,wilhelm.freenode.net
adaephon,2001:41d0:2:9389::,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
cris10an,2001:1af8:4010:a01d:1::,Chris,leguin.freenode.net
Mr-G,2a01:7c8:aab3:587::2,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
maydaytx,67.53.153.59,bob,verne.freenode.net
munch,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-nbotweaimtlgdjhx,THE NOTORIOUS,karatkievich.freenode.net
jrg,unaffiliated/jrg,jrg,barjavel.freenode.net
snackle,unaffiliated/snackle,snackle,wilhelm.freenode.net
fishar|NYG,unaffiliated/fishar,fishar,wilhelm.freenode.net
[SLiM]D12,kamino.doesntexist.org,slimshady,asimov.freenode.net
MikeyA15,unaffiliated/mikeya15,Mikey,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Guest25469,irc.frsouth.smoothstreams.tv,Samba,weber.freenode.net
aaearon,gateway/shell/xzibition.com/x-dgjzaqvfaefoobng,go sooners !,wilhelm.freenode.net
MattyBlayze,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hmieytphdffgbteo,Matt Blayze,sinisalo.freenode.net
moufl,unaffiliated/-5moufl/x-2822395,5moufl,barjavel.freenode.net
WFeather,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fbbqpijidzbfndkt,WFeather,rajaniemi.freenode.net
PiMp0r,107.155.70.209,larry C Flynt,karatkievich.freenode.net
Guest72125,irc.frnorth.smoothstreams.tv,Samba,hitchcock.freenode.net
berkchops,unaffiliated/berkchops,berkchops,sinisalo.freenode.net
garrettux,ec2-174-129-19-107.compute-1.amazonaws.com,mgarrett,niven.freenode.net
leothrix,elastic/staff/leothrix,Tyler L,wilhelm.freenode.net
kcas_,192.190.0.4,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rideh,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe93:4dd8,rideh,karatkievich.freenode.net
drags,69.65.60.13,drags,asimov.freenode.net
_Wise_,digdug.dauby.net,Olivier Dauby,tepper.freenode.net
m0nky,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kdnazopnpgavrmyi,Bill John,adams.freenode.net
iNs,krowkirobia.mooo.com,ins,rajaniemi.freenode.net
scc,23.226.236.34,bleach,adams.freenode.net
mjimeneznet,163.172.222.205,Manuel Jim�nez,rajaniemi.freenode.net
asmodai,freebsd/developer/asmodai,Jeroen Ruigrok van der Werven,orwell.freenode.net
Hanynowsky,41.250.251.159,Hanyn,asimov.freenode.net
scl,unaffiliated/scl,scl,card.freenode.net
Ceron_______,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uvpjouudmhtjxpuw,Tom,karatkievich.freenode.net
tris,72.52.96.202,meat popsicle,niven.freenode.net
klaxa,new.klaxa.eu,Stephan,asimov.freenode.net
viq,unaffiliated/viq,viq,orwell.freenode.net
pemcne_,sas08001.nat.sas.com,Peter McNeill,tepper.freenode.net
tsullivan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-twgmvktvmcgvykln,Tim Sullivan,adams.freenode.net
Eagleman,546BCC9F.cm-12-4d.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Eagleman,verne.freenode.net
dyer,ec2-107-21-15-145.compute-1.amazonaws.com,John Dyer,asimov.freenode.net
click,ice.vcon.no,Do you REALLY want to know?...,karatkievich.freenode.net
portante,nat/redhat/x-knevmzrifbbjldml,Peter Portante,adams.freenode.net
rofl_____,kvest.supereye.org,rofl,weber.freenode.net
Beardless_One,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lncvfnlflvhogzuw,Beardless_One_,wilhelm.freenode.net
thuk,elastic/staff/thuk,Joshua Rich,karatkievich.freenode.net
vista,notx.ml,vista,adams.freenode.net
bcc,linaro/bcc,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
davidj,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zgnyvzetqmhygyqk,David,wolfe.freenode.net
dnsn,tuxedo.abo.fi,DHDC,card.freenode.net
nodulaire,ns321551.ip-94-23-9.eu,nodulaire,karatkievich.freenode.net
cite_,thrassa.incertum.net,Stefan Foerster,adams.freenode.net
Flyer,ihq.flyer.org,Jani Eerola,karatkievich.freenode.net
vegardx,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lrhxszdiknslgfxu,Rick Astley,wilhelm.freenode.net
tylerhannan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-astmxvtuhpehaufa,Tyler Hannan,sinisalo.freenode.net
jasondotstar,107.170.79.104,Jay Clark,barjavel.freenode.net
realitygaps,unaffiliated/realitygaps,realitygaps,niven.freenode.net
marlinc,1.0.0.127.13.204.167.185.in-addr.arpa,Marlinc,adams.freenode.net
eryc,unaffiliated/internetjanitor,eric,wilhelm.freenode.net
mparisi,107.181.152.106,Marcelo Parisi,adams.freenode.net
DonRichie,ricl.de,DonRichie,wilhelm.freenode.net
SebastianFlyte,pool-108-48-93-213.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Sebastian Flyte,wolfe.freenode.net
LordBonkerZ,its-042812-1.uadm.uu.se,realname,tepper.freenode.net
thebeaver,unaffiliated/thebeaver,jon,barjavel.freenode.net
MitchCapper,unaffiliated/mitchcapper,IRCUser,adams.freenode.net
munhitsu_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ihdnbizmxsifumgn,Mateusz Lapsa-Malawski,wolfe.freenode.net
jfield,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ojnnpncsyslbhzok,Jeff Field,rajaniemi.freenode.net
omglolbah,164.159.164.82.customer.cdi.no,Viking,orwell.freenode.net
Urocyon,ec2-107-21-122-99.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Stephen Figgins,asimov.freenode.net
wedgie,unaffiliated/wedgie,Wedge Jarrad,sinisalo.freenode.net
ToeSnacks,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fpdnkbutxejmcbft,null,adams.freenode.net
Patang,cm-84.208.100.218.getinternet.no,freenode,asimov.freenode.net
SillySophist,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gkplemeetpxfiiqf,Zach Dunn,adams.freenode.net
ndevos,redhat/ndevos,Niels de Vos,rajaniemi.freenode.net
xkr47,2001:14b8:141:5926:5358:9793:2384:6264,Jonas Berlin � http://xkr47.outerspace.dyndns.org/,adams.freenode.net
jafo,msh.linsomniac.com,Sean Reifschneider,wolfe.freenode.net
cajoel,wikimedia/jkrauska,Joel Krauska,wilhelm.freenode.net
blue,server.mmh.dk,blue,leguin.freenode.net
TheFlyingCorpse,icinga/team/theflyingcorpse,realname,tepper.freenode.net
Takumo,unaffiliated/takumokatekari,Leo A,weber.freenode.net
Sketch,new.rednsx.org,Sketch,barjavel.freenode.net
hvaara,buzz.lightyear.no,Roy Hvaara,wolfe.freenode.net
bitchecker,31.131.20.132,bitchecker,adams.freenode.net
justif,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dlpjhvadnusycgcm,bob,sinisalo.freenode.net
bodik,bodik.cesnet.cz,bodik,barjavel.freenode.net
T-Co,0c.fi,Antti Rintala,hitchcock.freenode.net
CoverSlide,47.154.136.137,Richard Hoffman,hitchcock.freenode.net
neoice,thule.neoice.net,rk,hitchcock.freenode.net
papercod1,li280-252.members.linode.com,papercode,karatkievich.freenode.net
heytrav,103.25.56.136,Trav Holton,verne.freenode.net
FrostyBeverage,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gufkzjqytwnjgyux,FrostyBeverage,verne.freenode.net
timmow,37.139.0.17,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
jvb,37.157.197.24,jvb,rajaniemi.freenode.net
soosfarm,2001:1448:0:a503:915b:c5bc:a366:1fb7,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
preaction,irc.preaction.me,doug,wilhelm.freenode.net
xintron,unaffiliated/xintron,xintron,leguin.freenode.net
haukebruno,khorne.hateo.de,haukebruno,rajaniemi.freenode.net
weezhard,195-154-123-237.rev.poneytelecom.eu,weezhard,leguin.freenode.net
jason^,unaffiliated/jason/x-0000002,jason,weber.freenode.net
drawks,173.255.254.223,Got ZNC?,leguin.freenode.net
stefan__2,duvel.sheever.nl,stefan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
professoruss,ec2.angrypacket.com,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
valkyr3e,unaffiliated/hydralisk,valkyrie,asimov.freenode.net
Ouzo_12,dhcp1343-bu.ouzo12.dk,Store tykke doere,sinisalo.freenode.net
deepy,wrongplanet/deepa,deepy,niven.freenode.net
leifw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pnvpsevcnrqcoijv,Leif Walsh,adams.freenode.net
watersoul,172.245.255.61,Irc User,verne.freenode.net
emk,unaffiliated/emk,e,tepper.freenode.net
r30ng1n3rd,unaffiliated/r30ng1n3rd,r3,hitchcock.freenode.net
adaam,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pkkdaebtlswwsfch,adaam,wilhelm.freenode.net
TinoW,wildenhain.de,Tino Wildenhain,verne.freenode.net
domeh,eero.info,Eero Niemi,orwell.freenode.net
tronyx,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gishjdmxokmjpbnc,Tronyx,wolfe.freenode.net
jmcc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fixozpwtkcnxylni,James McClelland,verne.freenode.net
drenalin23,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vfsxjzgblxvkhndf,drenalin23,rajaniemi.freenode.net
leviathan400,94.229.65.10,Leviathan,niven.freenode.net
gyre007,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gdagbcxhrtigdnsk,Donnie Brasco,wilhelm.freenode.net
netzvieh,netzvieh.de,netzvieh,barjavel.freenode.net
datajunkie,c-24-126-192-83.hsd1.ga.comcast.net,Textual User,wolfe.freenode.net
lucasrolff,gra1.optimizer.io,Lucas Rolff,card.freenode.net
mariusv,fsf/member/mariusv,Marius Voila,orwell.freenode.net
nothau,ec2-52-72-68-168.compute-1.amazonaws.com,"Hau but nothau",wolfe.freenode.net
stewgoin,pool-71-244-131-76.bltmmd.fios.verizon.net,stopfoolin',barjavel.freenode.net
colstrom,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cegrkahfyqvhyric,Chris Olstrom,sinisalo.freenode.net
jrklein,proxy.dnihost.net,Jason Klein,karatkievich.freenode.net
xorpaul,et-0-15.gw-nat-2.bs.kae.de.oneandone.net,andpaul,verne.freenode.net
tsunamie,ec2-54-218-82-59.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,J,barjavel.freenode.net
coolacid,unaffiliated/coolacid,realname,verne.freenode.net
kieren,zaftig.tigs.org,kieren,wolfe.freenode.net
Eilyre,2001:bb8:2002:2400:4639:c4ff:fe54:ed0e,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
franks2,unaffiliated/franks2,frank,weber.freenode.net
niklasye,c80-216-55-207.bredband.comhem.se,niklas,karatkievich.freenode.net
Whoop,unaffiliated/whoop,Adam Gibbins,adams.freenode.net
rawzone,0139101716.2.fullrate.ninja,Ask,asimov.freenode.net
benone,web.tiangola.co.ao,Benone Marcos,leguin.freenode.net
r04r,unaffiliated/r04r,r04r,asimov.freenode.net
r4z3r,2604:a880:0:1010::d5:1001,Kevin,niven.freenode.net
dopey,5.178.76.246,Unknown,card.freenode.net
kanarip,121.181.195.178.dynamic.wline.res.cust.swisscom.ch,Jeroen van Meeuwen,hitchcock.freenode.net
level56,192.241.253.65,irc,adams.freenode.net
b10n1k_,avondaleaber.plus.com,b10n1k,verne.freenode.net
darvon,107.191.100.185,darvon,wilhelm.freenode.net
ujjain,unaffiliated/ujjain,ujjain,verne.freenode.net
Karunamon,isengard.tkware.us,Nya?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
electrical,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xbescjrhmeuizgvg,Richard Pijnenburg,wilhelm.freenode.net
Whisket,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qnbkdmlkakszigro,Whisket,wilhelm.freenode.net
peterkimnyc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hhgegehgwelaiexy,Peter Kim,karatkievich.freenode.net
athoune,ze.garambrogne.net,Mathieu Lecarme,leguin.freenode.net
Saaldjor1ike,185.53.130.151,Mike Rostermund,adams.freenode.net
Chousuke_,battery.modeemi.fi,Jarkko Oranen,wolfe.freenode.net
mitcdh,sirius.mitcdh.com,MadHatter,asimov.freenode.net
Killsudo,2605:c000:0:3::cd3,For Real,karatkievich.freenode.net
lipoqil,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ultbchncgwvmjoal,Mailo Světel,wilhelm.freenode.net
djinni`,68.ip-149-56-14.net,djinni,weber.freenode.net
yoavz-,white.blackit.io,yoavz,asimov.freenode.net
cschneid,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe73:9540,cschneid,wilhelm.freenode.net
NotArrow,unaffiliated/notarrow,Ricewind,adams.freenode.net
petn-randall,azuma.rocketjump.eu,petn-randall,kornbluth.freenode.net
dhollinger,136.61.190.10,David Hollinger III,orwell.freenode.net
kxseven,89.100.204.186,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
piotrp,vps533.directvps.nl,piotr,karatkievich.freenode.net
nwonknu,admin.kgb.mn,-,niven.freenode.net
axellj,c83-248-216-209.bredband.comhem.se,axel,hitchcock.freenode.net
voxter,irc.voxter.net,voxter,karatkievich.freenode.net
finalbeta,ptr-2hj4tbusg771ow47e4qca044z.ip6.access.telenet.be,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
georgej162,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xwzdtkujwwpbddnq,george j162,adams.freenode.net
vali,unaffiliated/vali,Valentin F.,leguin.freenode.net
newgnus,digit02.ndj.la,newgnus,niven.freenode.net
pcmerc_work,proxy-sf.kryptochaos.com,pcmerc,barjavel.freenode.net
miono,irc.lagga.se,miono,barjavel.freenode.net
cstrahan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gesjtcksgkzzoqvl,Charles Strahan,wolfe.freenode.net
nexysno,mau78-1-88-184-111-173.fbx.proxad.net,snouhaud,adams.freenode.net
boargod,173-16-220-198.client.mchsi.com,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
t0aster0ven,gateway/tor-sasl/iaeofjgskjb,I'mATree,zelazny.freenode.net
[diecast],gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cckubxpvrmbjsoda,diecast,wilhelm.freenode.net
beorn_,195-154-171-65.rev.poneytelecom.eu,beorn@quakenet.org,hitchcock.freenode.net
bmahe,c-69-181-81-140.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Bruno,orwell.freenode.net
Helheim,static-ip-69-64-50-156.inaddr.ip-pool.com,Galder,sinisalo.freenode.net
christoe,sth.kylvag.net,Christoffer Kylvåg,barjavel.freenode.net
gkoch_,66.11.220.78,gkoch,karatkievich.freenode.net
Monolith|,unaffiliated/monolith/x-2615728,monolith,sinisalo.freenode.net
piquadrat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kvsyzoxktgipehjk,Benjamin Wohlwend,wilhelm.freenode.net
_KaszpiR_,unaffiliated/kaszpir/x-3157048,_KaszpiR_,wolfe.freenode.net
devster31,2001:41d0:1:a3af::1,devsterknight,wolfe.freenode.net
cray1,38.98.137.29,cray,orwell.freenode.net
tekacs,tekacs.com,Amar Sood,hitchcock.freenode.net
frantzipan,162.243.28.32,Frantz,niven.freenode.net
andrew[andrboot],unaffiliated/andrewandrboot/x-689432,andrew,card.freenode.net
wwsean08,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qivrthrnkeaqduih,Sean Smith,wolfe.freenode.net
febits,unaffiliated/bits58,Tony,rajaniemi.freenode.net
masterzen,node.masterzen.fr,masterzen,barjavel.freenode.net
samppah,namibia.aviation.fi,Samuli,hitchcock.freenode.net
Bossi,p50816EDC.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Bossi,asimov.freenode.net
petracvv,fuduntu/support/petracvv,Mihai Petracovici,sinisalo.freenode.net
telnoratti,telnor.org,telnoratti,niven.freenode.net
koollman,sp1.kooll.info,koollman,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Croepha,unaffiliated/croepha,DB,asimov.freenode.net
johnmwilliams__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eetzlurlvyohifuh,John Williams,wolfe.freenode.net
kwando,212.47.233.167,Hannes Nevalainen,wolfe.freenode.net
Zordrak_,unaffiliated/zordrak,Jaz,verne.freenode.net
kireevco,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jneiddsxlcmqmycq,Dmitry Kireev,wilhelm.freenode.net
pygirl24_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nsdhreurecevgosh,Molly Alba,adams.freenode.net
DevRelIrcBot,ec2-54-197-87-119.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Ask @elastic,wolfe.freenode.net
volter,geofrogger.net,Volker Fröhlich,card.freenode.net
popnfresh,hackshack.ca,popnfresh,asimov.freenode.net
choffee,host-79-79-63-168.static.as13285.net,John Cooper,orwell.freenode.net
untergeek,elastic/staff/untergeek,Aaron Mildenstein,adams.freenode.net
berglh,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/berglh,berglh,wilhelm.freenode.net
tnogisto,188.0.48.5,Quassel IRC User,barjavel.freenode.net
masteinhauser,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rueupoaperypujia,Myles Steinhauser,tepper.freenode.net
voxxit,2604:a880:1:20::1e5:900f,Josh Delsman,roddenberry.freenode.net
g-node,ec2-52-4-77-163.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Goat Node,hitchcock.freenode.net
twisted`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmeuevvcnrsegdxc,twisted,karatkievich.freenode.net
burn,charlene.treg.be,burn,hitchcock.freenode.net
ycombinator,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gsgwsubboskywwug,ycombinator,adams.freenode.net
pfallenop,unaffiliated/contempt,paralela,rajaniemi.freenode.net
side_control,loki.runlevelone.net,quad damage,verne.freenode.net
Nirkus,unaffiliated/nirkus,Some IRC User,barjavel.freenode.net
matt_,ccpc-buzzer.bath.ac.uk,Matt,orwell.freenode.net
Ambrose,184.171.247.17,ambrose,wilhelm.freenode.net
nobbert,2a01:4f8:101:34c5::2,S�nke Liebau,niven.freenode.net
RingOfStorms,c-98-245-83-113.hsd1.co.comcast.net,realname,orwell.freenode.net
hnsk,alita.hnsk.net,Hannu Ylitalo,wilhelm.freenode.net
tfontaine,elastic/staff/tfontaine,Tyler Fontaine,weber.freenode.net
pd,unaffiliated/pd,pd,verne.freenode.net
llbg,ec2-52-23-200-7.compute-1.amazonaws.com,lenny,adams.freenode.net
tgm4883,ubuntu/member/tgm4883,Thomas Mashos,niven.freenode.net
milindur,deimos.ca-soft.de,Christian Andersen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jamesturnbull,unaffiliated/jamesturnbull,James Turnbull,orwell.freenode.net
MillerBoss,107.191.50.190,Boss Miller,asimov.freenode.net
zamba,flage.org,Marius Flage,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ircuser-1,158.183-62-69.ftth.swbr.surewest.net,Johnny Von Neumann,weber.freenode.net
varesa,ec2-52-49-18-111.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Esa Varemo,wolfe.freenode.net
gdusbabek,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qfudztvtpybzbtxy,Gary Dusbabek,weber.freenode.net
iamchrisf,cpe-104-162-8-26.nyc.res.rr.com,Chris Ferry,barjavel.freenode.net
lotia,9.149.197.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,Ali Asad Lotia,orwell.freenode.net
higuita,2a01:240:fe00:82a7:ec72:50ff:fe96:f291,higuita,sinisalo.freenode.net
mikepea,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kqmvaspnsjgpfebo,Mike Pountney,barjavel.freenode.net
robinsmidsrod,rs.smidsrod.no,Robin Smidsrød,niven.freenode.net
logstashbot,unaffiliated/semiosis/bot/logstashbot,Limnoria 2016.08.07,wolfe.freenode.net
ahuman,107.170.206.223,Real Name,karatkievich.freenode.net
mlhess,drupal.org/user/102818/view,Michael Hess,tepper.freenode.net
dino82,unaffiliated/dino82,din0-freenode,karatkievich.freenode.net
techminer,143-43-131-193.wiu.edu,Matt Mencel,orwell.freenode.net
thematthewgreen,2001:4802:7801:103:fb0e:7549:ff20:45fd,Matthew Green,karatkievich.freenode.net
stephen87,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-koadypmavdlysize,stephen87,sinisalo.freenode.net
crazyphil,cpe-24-28-6-207.austin.res.rr.com,Phil,karatkievich.freenode.net
Hydrosine,unaffiliated/hydrosine,wait wut,hitchcock.freenode.net
beawesomeinstead,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ukpttlggqwvdnesh,beawesomeinstead,hitchcock.freenode.net
Frojoe,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe70:bc74,Jordan,niven.freenode.net
kuromagi,blackmage.org,Black Mage,wilhelm.freenode.net
vangap,175.101.27.34,Pradeep Reddy Vanga,niven.freenode.net
Heartsbane,unaffiliated/heartsbane,Nunya_Bidness,asimov.freenode.net
jydc,188.165.145.159,jydc,verne.freenode.net
kurol,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-swseamgpblllqfbe,kurol,adams.freenode.net
KHobbits,2600:3c03::21:1210,shroudBNC User,sinisalo.freenode.net
yourname2,12.68.173.51,yourname,sinisalo.freenode.net
BaM`,raccoon.geek.net.nz,iCK,hitchcock.freenode.net
witquicked,50-193-55-242-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
purbon,elastic/staff/purbon,Pere Urbon-Bayes,leguin.freenode.net
elektrix,unaffiliated/elektrix,elektrix,wolfe.freenode.net
johnzimm,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tzzgddqprnnpbmrd,j.zimmerman,wilhelm.freenode.net
bjorn_,ruberg.no,Bjørn Ruberg,adams.freenode.net
vaelen,frobozzelectric.org,vaelen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jabreity,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dcbcyzlazngxnhjv,jabreity,adams.freenode.net
mf2hd,rlyeh.fi,User Mf2hd,rajaniemi.freenode.net
AlHafoudh,echo.freevision.sk,Ahmed Al Hafoudh,wilhelm.freenode.net
yourname,12.68.173.51,yourname,asimov.freenode.net
nemish,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-hnkdbeaerivaklhd,Chris,tepper.freenode.net
turfrex,ool-1826eaa1.dyn.optonline.net, Python Bot,tepper.freenode.net
bbq_,stakka.errxtx.net,deimudder,barjavel.freenode.net
ShaRose,i.am.sharo.se,ShaRose,hitchcock.freenode.net
domenkozar,v22014052224618709.yourvserver.net,ielectric,karatkievich.freenode.net
Valfor,unaffiliated/mrpps,Valfor,verne.freenode.net
frakt_,h-79-136-125-64.na.cust.bahnhof.se,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
knapster01____,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tpinexizverbpyqo,Knapster01,wolfe.freenode.net
tobiasvl,nostromo.uio.no,Tobias V. Langhoff,adams.freenode.net
jthomassie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-phrejbjrocsynrow,jthomassie,wolfe.freenode.net
Mattch,w5430.see.ed.ac.uk,Matthew Richardson,weber.freenode.net
deimos,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bnrwhyyvdrdzrqjs,deimos,wilhelm.freenode.net
kodapa,93.115.92.142,David Andersson,karatkievich.freenode.net
jefrite,45.63.76.107,jef rite,rajaniemi.freenode.net
chasmo77,158.183-62-69.ftth.swbr.surewest.net,Al Turing,wilhelm.freenode.net
qru,97.91.60.177,Bamm Visscher,verne.freenode.net
CaptTofu,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dhljaflkiogejban,CaptTofu,wilhelm.freenode.net
stan_man_can,159.203.250.194,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
Groenleer,unaffiliated/groenleer,Martijn Groenleer,wilhelm.freenode.net
BlackMaria,dsl.198.58.160.53.ebox.ca,BlackMaria,adams.freenode.net
kiranos,109.74.11.233,Stefan Eriksson,orwell.freenode.net
andrewvc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yxgelvcbiuuixuaj,Andrew Cholakian,niven.freenode.net
refrainblue,ip-64-32-190-246.dsl.sca.megapath.net,james,leguin.freenode.net
rpetre,unaffiliated/rpetre,Ratiu Petru,adams.freenode.net
semiosis,unaffiliated/semiosis,semiosis,card.freenode.net
typ,unaffiliated/typ,typ,asimov.freenode.net
Ludo_,obelix.zoxx.net,Ludovic Francois,asimov.freenode.net
avelldiroll,unaffiliated/avelldiroll,plantigrade,verne.freenode.net
cyberRodent,207-237-82-100.c3-0.nyw-ubr1.nyr-nyw.ny.cable.rcn.com,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
talevy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mpwzzufwahcmkhtf,Tal Levy,tepper.freenode.net
benj_,cable-192.222.237.186.electronicbox.net,Benjamin,barjavel.freenode.net
nchoosek,ec2-54-200-26-114.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Ubuntu,hitchcock.freenode.net
bvi,bvi.wtf,bvi,barjavel.freenode.net
YC_,2604:ec80:6:0:850:4dcb:386c:6c84,YC,wolfe.freenode.net
ignarps-,ip70-162-164-220.ph.ph.cox.net,Iggy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Beeks,cpe-24-164-169-197.hvc.res.rr.com,Beeks,asimov.freenode.net
xar-,2001:4800:7815:103:f0d7:c55:ff05:60e8,xar,sinisalo.freenode.net
screedo,2001:19f0:1613:f3::318b:fb58,screedo,leguin.freenode.net
Cyber-WarDaddy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dsliwrhkdiantpej,Derek Thomas,niven.freenode.net
a1|away,62.27.85.48,Abyss what else,karatkievich.freenode.net
seprob,shell.uw-team.org,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
Cidan,conspiracy/developer/Cidan,cidan,wolfe.freenode.net
Kdecherf,2001:bc8:35e0:142:7368:616f:6c61:6e00,Kevin Decherf,adams.freenode.net
boingolov,c-67-187-127-204.hsd1.tn.comcast.net,Nasty Nate,barjavel.freenode.net
[o__o],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me,verne.freenode.net
OlofL,gateway/web/freenode/ip.188.94.217.244,188.94.217.244 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
kunwon1,unaffiliated/kunwon1,Specialization is for Insects.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MPSimmons_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rcrbhhlvvbumvjoo,Matt Simmons,adams.freenode.net
machty,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vkiuhyjzczcasfud,Alex Matchneer,wilhelm.freenode.net
sirecote,162.243.46.78,sirecote,hobana.freenode.net
elisiano,elisiano.com,Elisiano,asimov.freenode.net
cyborg-one,185.145.107.89,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
Tsesarevich,fluxbuntu/founder/joejaxx,Otshelnik,adams.freenode.net
jlintz_,198.199.74.42,justin,card.freenode.net
elnappo,unaffiliated/elnappo,elnappo,niven.freenode.net
abrotman,pdpc/supporter/active/abrotman,Alexander T. Brotman,sinisalo.freenode.net
Diddi,46-22-123-148.ip.axbyte.se,diddi,asimov.freenode.net
fetep,coffee.databits.net,Come get some of this glowing,hitchcock.freenode.net
rclsilver,176-31-182-190.rev.rclsilver.net,rclsilver,weber.freenode.net
shog,unaffiliated/shog,Skipper, there's some Drama ahead!,adams.freenode.net
blackjid,open.source.supporter.firrre.com,blackjid,rajaniemi.freenode.net
derjohn_mobi,x4db13535.dyn.telefonica.de,Andreas,niven.freenode.net
ktosiek,108.61.166.51,Tomasz Kontusz,card.freenode.net
fenrus02,fedora/fenris02,pashiri / tsukaibashiri,verne.freenode.net
lexAngeles,ec2-52-90-90-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Lex Angeles,card.freenode.net
ShaunD-,203.161.108.48.static.amnet.net.au,Shaun Dwyer,roddenberry.freenode.net
Helio-,2604:a880:800:10::505:4001,Dylan Cochran,niven.freenode.net
Mixologic,97-120-245-65.ptld.qwest.net,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
TheAbraxas,cpe-76-176-219-184.san.res.rr.com,Abraxas,card.freenode.net
keekz,keekz.net,keekz,rajaniemi.freenode.net
timewalker,eth0.nu,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
b8sell,66.199.13.2,realname,niven.freenode.net
rem5,vtelinet-66-220-238-231.vermontel.net,rem5,asimov.freenode.net
Nemus,unaffiliated/nemus,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
tolecnal,france.xiro.net,Old Grumpy Fart,rajaniemi.freenode.net
awk,alpha.security.web.za,awk@security.web.za,adams.freenode.net
achimnol_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-muablkvntikaytww,Joongi Kim,weber.freenode.net
Majost,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sczvbtdpumhlplbl,Ryan Hass,wolfe.freenode.net
pcmerc,108.47.217.122,Johnny Violence,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Rylee,infoforcefeed/rylee,Chocolatey delicious!,verne.freenode.net
treehug88,cpe-68-173-227-135.nyc.res.rr.com,Textual User,barjavel.freenode.net
laurent\,unaffiliated/laurent/x-4048133,none,sinisalo.freenode.net
bpetit,chiron.b0rk.in,Benoit Petit,wilhelm.freenode.net
decanio,cpe-98-146-236-78.natnow.res.rr.com,purple,tepper.freenode.net
ripzay,mail2.bpmail.co.uk,ripzay,wolfe.freenode.net
Schwarzbaer__,dslb-088-070-020-236.088.070.pools.vodafone-ip.de,baribal,karatkievich.freenode.net
cfedde,198.147.22.72,Chris Fedde,karatkievich.freenode.net
Xylakant,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gjmoymakjricaokg,Xylakant,wolfe.freenode.net
FreeSpencer,unaffiliated/freespencer,FreeSpencer,karatkievich.freenode.net
binary[m],gateway/shell/matrix.org/x-wvjspnbfaahdmoqk,@binary:matrix.org,rajaniemi.freenode.net
YC,squish.kablooey.co.nz,YC,rajaniemi.freenode.net
JoeyI-,199.175.54.204,JoeyI,verne.freenode.net
avleen_,durian.silverwraith.com,Avleen Vig,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kimchy,elastic/staff/kimchy,Shay Banon,adams.freenode.net
AnGrYfUrBy,pdpc/supporter/active/angryfurby,JR Peace,wolfe.freenode.net
phobosd____,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hqnnomjsuiquaquj,phobosd,adams.freenode.net
et0x,unaffiliated/et0x,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Embalmed,unaffiliated/embalmed,embalmed,card.freenode.net
tabakhase,unaffiliated/tabakhase,Christian Tabakhase Hackmann,karatkievich.freenode.net
gimmic,unaffiliated/gimmic,gimmic,barjavel.freenode.net
mattmcc_,184.106.133.247,Matt McClanahan,card.freenode.net
tylersmalley_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wswsvfmlaoeegdun,Tyler Smalley,adams.freenode.net
aya,ns1.anotherservice.com,Yann Autissier,karatkievich.freenode.net
joehillen,unaffiliated/joehillen,Joe Hillenbrand,card.freenode.net
quant,bitsync.net,Zlatko Čalušić,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sp4rKy,freenode/sponsor/domogik.founder.sp4rky,Maxence DUNNEWIND,asimov.freenode.net
spriz,b29bd7a0.rev.stofanet.dk,Mikkel Bonde,tepper.freenode.net
asm89,unaffiliated/asm89,Alexander,karatkievich.freenode.net
frots,unaffiliated/frots,Sinep Anigav,kornbluth.freenode.net
mglinski,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jttnscselsdqhnkw,Matthew Glinski,wolfe.freenode.net
arnaud,ns383972.ip-46-105-120.eu,ArnaudM,barjavel.freenode.net
ShaunD,203.161.108.48.static.amnet.net.au,Shaun Dwyer,roddenberry.freenode.net
bapalm,96-42-248-149.dhcp.roch.mn.charter.com,se_brandon,hitchcock.freenode.net
d34dh0r53,irc.cloudnull.io,Hunter S. Thompson,asimov.freenode.net
edeca,freenode/sponsor/edeca,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
jesusaur,c-50-139-82-66.hsd1.or.comcast.net,Jonathan Harker,weber.freenode.net
Tykling,gibfest.dk,tykling,adams.freenode.net
akihu,2001:1bc8:1001:401:5054:ff:fe6b:7df2,akihu,leguin.freenode.net
Tugger2,38.110.71.254,Tugger,orwell.freenode.net
mxhob1,ams.hobl.com.au,Nobody,niven.freenode.net
danofsatx,fedora/danofsatx,Dan of San Antonio, Texas,weber.freenode.net
Socket-,pool-100-36-83-17.washdc.fios.verizon.net,socket,adams.freenode.net
talos,178.62.68.146,talos,adams.freenode.net
zapu,ks3354569.kimsufi.com,zapu,card.freenode.net
cyclones92,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hlaxbipaamtuwyrd,Cyclones92,karatkievich.freenode.net
awpti,awpti.org,awpti,karatkievich.freenode.net
LotR,li60-27.members.linode.com,.,karatkievich.freenode.net
VeggieMeat,wsip-70-182-94-19.ok.ok.cox.net,Brian Altenhofel,weber.freenode.net
AppleDash,ponies.appledash.org,Apple Dash.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
thedavisone,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qhhxsevtxqjydqju,David Thornton,leguin.freenode.net
nickc2,107.170.252.81,nickc,niven.freenode.net
descrepes,213.ip-137-74-119.eu,DesCrepes,leguin.freenode.net
random12311rob,62.129.150.1,Rob Bloemers,leguin.freenode.net
yybel,kekkis.com,kekkis,sinisalo.freenode.net
tbragin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-afmrfisokjhshtam,Tanya Bragin,wilhelm.freenode.net
holmser,c-73-153-201-138.hsd1.co.comcast.net,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pomaranc,vathena.platon.sk,pomaranc,orwell.freenode.net
bfoote,eidolon.bnf.net,Benjamin Foote,adams.freenode.net
The-spiki,unaffiliated/the-spiki,Nenad Spirkoski,orwell.freenode.net
z0rc,unaffiliated/z0rc,z0rc,wolfe.freenode.net
bitbear,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eanfcxphfxqtwbea,Asbjørn Ulsberg,wilhelm.freenode.net
ihre,unaffiliated/ihre,ihre,barjavel.freenode.net
simmel,auxww.ps,Simon Lundstr�m,adams.freenode.net
NightKhaos,203-109-234-72.dsl.dyn.ihug.co.nz,Taylor,wilhelm.freenode.net
b3cft_,ec2-46-137-170-153.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Andy "Bob" Brockhurst (Hacker, Maker, Ex-BBC, Ex-Y,verne.freenode.net
fearnothing,unaffiliated/fearnothing,...,verne.freenode.net
a7ndrew,psr1257.be,Andrew,tepper.freenode.net
kisoku,stinky.kisoku.net,Mathieu Sauve-Frankel,asimov.freenode.net
edx,aha/edx,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
jeffreyv,192.241.139.106,Jeffrey V,asimov.freenode.net
widodh_,2a00:f10:121:100:4a5:76ff:fe00:199,widodh,niven.freenode.net
doki_pen2,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe08:5607,doki_pen,wolfe.freenode.net
zetsubou,104.131.23.135,zetsubou,barjavel.freenode.net
jjfalling,elastic/staff/jjfalling,J.Falling,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bamsefar,fiskar.krabbor.hos.televerket.org,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
nwp,batfink-usb.otago.ac.nz,realname,weber.freenode.net
keith4,gluttony.cc.lehigh.edu,Keith4,sinisalo.freenode.net
beardo,beardo.cc.lehigh.edu,Steve Anthony,orwell.freenode.net
warkolm,elastic/staff/warkolm,Mark,weber.freenode.net
pekster,openvpn/community/developer/pekster,Toaster,barjavel.freenode.net
j3roen,93.188.248.149,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
jop,37.48.78.96,jop,verne.freenode.net
nikitosiusis,2a00:14d0:0:60:1::1,Nikitosiusis,niven.freenode.net
garthk,107.170.210.50,garthk,rajaniemi.freenode.net
abreksa4,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sohiwpjmrgjbydgj,Andrew Breksa,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mlanner,198.101.223.227,Martin Lanner,tepper.freenode.net
torrancew,ec2-54-149-3-122.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,torrancew,karatkievich.freenode.net
snkcld,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jxjnelgogpxeeqfg,john doe,wilhelm.freenode.net
xetrov,238-241-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
wim,42.be,what the frell,sinisalo.freenode.net
lifeofguenter,193.150.14.105,Gunter Grodotzki,verne.freenode.net
JoeJulian,108.166.123.190,Joe Julian,sinisalo.freenode.net
superdump,unaffiliated/superdump,Robert Swain,wolfe.freenode.net
mattmcc,63-157-12-242.dia.static.qwest.net,At least there is symmetry.,hitchcock.freenode.net
mungustas,92.61.33.111,arnas,adams.freenode.net
addisonj,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xcicoihobhggilrp,Addison Higham,verne.freenode.net
Zooklubba,unaffiliated/zooklubba,Zooklubba,asimov.freenode.net
fredsted,s2.fredsted.me,fredsted,karatkievich.freenode.net
jzu_,pupu.jus.si,Jussi Sallinen,card.freenode.net
cliles,ip70-189-165-7.lv.lv.cox.net,cliles,weber.freenode.net
sagarC__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cgwwyklhiexrumwi,Sachar de Vries,barjavel.freenode.net
emid,45.55.245.32,emid,orwell.freenode.net
ageis,45.55.7.48,Kevin M. Gallagher,niven.freenode.net
mfournier,2001:4b98:dc2:41:216:3eff:fe6d:dc0b,Marc Fournier,leguin.freenode.net
gadams,unaffiliated/gadams,G.A.,asimov.freenode.net
quarcu,5.101.107.90,sup yo!,adams.freenode.net
oohnoitz,2604:180:2:216::1337:4,...,roddenberry.freenode.net
madAndroid,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nmbduwvlpiylwguw,Andrew Stangl,karatkievich.freenode.net
stonHu,199.180.252.251,stonHu,orwell.freenode.net
cakered,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yabokwrupbtuttic,caker,adams.freenode.net
cats,unaffiliated/cats,cats,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Wikipenguino45,183.45.16.2,Lenny ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),wilhelm.freenode.net
kristin,unaffiliated/cats/bot/kristin,kristin,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Miron,unaffiliated/supermiron,potato,sinisalo.freenode.net
Slender,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ddgzacxapxoentep,SlenderXP,wolfe.freenode.net
Penstubal,clubpenguinwiki/user/Penstubal,LayerBNC - At Your Fingertips!,sinisalo.freenode.net
SeaLogger,snoball.clubpenguinwiki.info,SeaLogger,hitchcock.freenode.net
MelaniaTrump,hillary.clinton.is.a.chickenkiller.com,potato,sinisalo.freenode.net
fauh45,unaffiliated/fauh45,fauh45,karatkievich.freenode.net
Liona-,bukannya.aku.cewek.matrek.tapi.ku.tak.sudi.cowok.kere.ga,Liona,sinisalo.freenode.net
DIENS,113.20.138.194,DIENS,orwell.freenode.net
ExorcisE,unaffiliated/exorcise,12-=15HadiTiya PuTra12=-,niven.freenode.net
night,unaffiliated/adifex,Adifex,weber.freenode.net
M_A_Y_A_T,2001:470:8c8d:b38::1,Deddy S.T Pardede, SH. *,wolfe.freenode.net
sipultak,herp.derp.trains.bouncer.ml,sipultak,wolfe.freenode.net
esty,182.253.31.114,esty,tepper.freenode.net
opung,unaffiliated/opung,znc opung,rajaniemi.freenode.net
vultr,unaffiliated/vultr,Vultr,sinisalo.freenode.net
i-one,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-znibykmudatusedg,1m.n0b0dy.d0nt.fuck1ng.wh01s.me,adams.freenode.net
genesis,unaffiliated/genesis,realname,adams.freenode.net
simis,puddle.ca,sim,orwell.freenode.net
techsalvager,173-16-212-56.client.mchsi.com,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
preludelinux,172.79.185.70,realname,adams.freenode.net
dandruczyk_home,cpe-104-229-17-230.rochester.res.rr.com,dandruczyk_home,tepper.freenode.net
HentaiXP,173-16-212-56.client.mchsi.com,realname,asimov.freenode.net
DeuceEFI,107.75.249.216.dyn.smithville.net,Andy,adams.freenode.net
malcom2073_,mikesshop.net,Malcom2073,adams.freenode.net
nicholasjanssen,ip68-11-207-57.br.br.cox.net,nicholasjanssen,niven.freenode.net
bdimcheff,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eeleawvrgjnxsbtp,Brandon Dimcheff,wolfe.freenode.net
dec,unaffiliated/dec,dec,hitchcock.freenode.net
cmacrae,cpc2-hitc7-2-0-cust720.9-2.cable.virginm.net,Calum MacRae,card.freenode.net
csatari,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tuzxiobigmbxwzqy,Gergely Csatari,adams.freenode.net
drags,69.65.60.13,drags,asimov.freenode.net
zerkalo,ny1.hashbang.sh,myricae,adams.freenode.net
decay,87-236-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,decay,adams.freenode.net
davidopp_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zyeqykgzwpmjlrnn,David O,verne.freenode.net
utahcon,162.243.202.198,Got ZNC?,asimov.freenode.net
m0nky,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kdnazopnpgavrmyi,Bill John,adams.freenode.net
lalatenduM,nat/redhat/x-aznuazoyxzjsjzff,Lalatendu Mohanty,wilhelm.freenode.net
ghuang,119.254.120.72,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
hazmat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pctrtzyrksftopqx,Kapil Thangavelu,leguin.freenode.net
venezia,pool-68-133-42-105.bflony.fios.verizon.net,Michael Venezia,weber.freenode.net
prg3,S01066c3b6b17c371.ed.shawcable.net,prg3,rajaniemi.freenode.net
scl,unaffiliated/scl,scl,card.freenode.net
mlhess,drupal.org/user/102818/view,Michael Hess,tepper.freenode.net
lewq,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mtmnkmqsutrrzbwk,Luke Marsden,wilhelm.freenode.net
xiaoli,54.153.84.50,Xiaoli Tian,wolfe.freenode.net
dghubble,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ynzglsenxkjrolvi,Dalton Hubble,adams.freenode.net
maratoid,pool-68-133-42-105.bflony.fios.verizon.net,maratoid,asimov.freenode.net
Dave,freenode/staff/dave2,Dave Wickham,hitchcock.freenode.net
jrdnull,droplet.mockra.net,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
larstobi,cl-82.osl-01.no.sixxs.net,Lars Tobias,rajaniemi.freenode.net
KekSi,n.irc.ag,moo,wolfe.freenode.net
praveenkumar,nat/redhat/x-tbbdycjdaagycppy,Praveen Kumar,karatkievich.freenode.net
Anticimex,netforce.millnert.se,Ask...,barjavel.freenode.net
kevincrawley,feed.me.hotchicken.org,your face,card.freenode.net
mauriez,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-skmlvhpaczrrdvnx,mauriez,adams.freenode.net
michael_mbp,ec2-52-76-80-88.ap-southeast-1.compute.amazonaws.com,John Dorian,asimov.freenode.net
ereslibre,kde/ereslibre,Rafael Fern�ndez L�pez,tepper.freenode.net
theute,195.49.106.170,Thomas Heute,barjavel.freenode.net
mattfarina,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hpfkdhmlnnkdpowv,Matt,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jvolkman,unaffiliated/jvolkman,jvolkman,leguin.freenode.net
jasondotstar,107.170.79.104,Jay Clark,barjavel.freenode.net
kbyrne,79.97.60.146,Keith Byrne,karatkievich.freenode.net
jonboulle,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ejfoefhvhstsbeaa,Jonathan Boulle,wolfe.freenode.net
Tugger,CPE0050568e0aa2-CMf0f24948d410.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,Tugger,verne.freenode.net
punky,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ejfiwpeicsktnqrh,sarah novotny,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gwicke,wikimedia/gwicke,Gabriel Wicke,wilhelm.freenode.net
zetab,feedtrail.com,jesse,weber.freenode.net
Roconda_,149-210-151-155.colo.transip.net,gg,wolfe.freenode.net
dwarders,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yfvzxukqfqitbfro,mike Danese,wilhelm.freenode.net
dmp42,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-chpfgsigmvxnzecb,Olivier Gambier,adams.freenode.net
rcleveng,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jvwjnuxyxwlqdryg,Rob,wolfe.freenode.net
CaptTofu,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dhljaflkiogejban,CaptTofu,wilhelm.freenode.net
awafaa,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sepaadoyxfweicxh,Andrew Wafaa,card.freenode.net
kiorky,131.39.26.109.rev.sfr.net,Mathieu Le Marec - Pasquet,wilhelm.freenode.net
zembutsu,sakura3.pocketstudio.net,Masahito Zembutsu,barjavel.freenode.net
jman,50-88-20-154.res.bhn.net,jkelly,niven.freenode.net
gongysh2,218.249.45.138,realname,adams.freenode.net
maqr,httpcraft/hax,maqr,karatkievich.freenode.net
cyberz,irc.vleo.net,Andrea Leofreddi,orwell.freenode.net
lupine,unaffiliated/lupine-85/x-7392152,Nick Thomas,wolfe.freenode.net
neoice,thule.neoice.net,rk,hitchcock.freenode.net
luksaur,unaffiliated/luksaur,luks,barjavel.freenode.net
mikebrow,216.66.76.36,mikebrow,card.freenode.net
garethr_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-thdxcodrldtyfnhh,Gareth Rushgrove,adams.freenode.net
suchkultur,139.59.134.44,suchkultur,adams.freenode.net
Ratler,lunar-linux/developer/ratler,R�ka hasch p� Venus,wolfe.freenode.net
_ari_,nat/redhat/x-lupkoxuxdyrivxaj,ari,niven.freenode.net
[Neurotic],gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hdtrbaoisnqifayc,Mark Mandel,sinisalo.freenode.net
ionelmc,python/site-packages/ionelmc,Ionel Cristian Mărieș,wilhelm.freenode.net
andrewosh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bjuekzxhnxipdjuy,Andrew Osheroff,adams.freenode.net
asktav,host31-52-139-191.range31-52.btcentralplus.com,tav,leguin.freenode.net
matthias_,test.endocode.com,Matthias,orwell.freenode.net
Garo_,kapsi.fi,Juho Makinen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
casualjim,167.114.5.154,Ivan Porto Carrero,niven.freenode.net
paulmcm,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-atvtxthxazqzqbzc,Paul McMahon,adams.freenode.net
kayrus_,test.endocode.com,kayrus,barjavel.freenode.net
Oatmeal,2602:306:3676:c60:58f0:6b14:58b8:7862,8bit SuzieQueue,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ds0nt,67.213.87.40,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
gluegadget,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nsrpogwaizdusdtk,Amir M. Saeid,wolfe.freenode.net
hchiramm,223.227.246.30,hchiramm,barjavel.freenode.net
brad[],TMA-1.brad-x.com,Brad Laue,card.freenode.net
sirecote,162.243.46.78,sirecote,hobana.freenode.net
jdaggett__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gkghwvdjqkkrgcrr,Jeremy Daggett,tepper.freenode.net
leifw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pnvpsevcnrqcoijv,Leif Walsh,adams.freenode.net
skymeyer,sugarcrm/skymeyer,skymeyer,weber.freenode.net
ipalade,nat/redhat/x-nplttskmfravbltr,Victor Palade,barjavel.freenode.net
humerusj,unaffiliated/humerusj,Humerus,card.freenode.net
yifan_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vguzwuanletoslci,yifan,wilhelm.freenode.net
adaam,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pkkdaebtlswwsfch,adaam,wilhelm.freenode.net
GingerGeek,unaffiliated/gingergeek,Zed,verne.freenode.net
jhulten,fa847c0f-50d3-4474-8de1-93fbdbac77d2.node.dockerapp.io,J Hulten,asimov.freenode.net
[0__0],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me/,orwell.freenode.net
betheynyx,45.63.76.107,Public key was not set,wilhelm.freenode.net
Defcronyke,88.143.197.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,Defcronyke,hitchcock.freenode.net
infowolfe,unaffiliated/infowolfe,i'm not your daddy, kid,weber.freenode.net
leepa,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kxlckzfhnprmkbib,Lee Packham,adams.freenode.net
matthias__,prod.endocode.com,Matthias,wilhelm.freenode.net
Joran,178.62.81.193,Got ZNC?,kornbluth.freenode.net
early,68.ip-149-56-14.net,early,orwell.freenode.net
enj,nat/redhat/x-otsoyeasvwsujrpk,Mo Khan,orwell.freenode.net
gyre007,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gdagbcxhrtigdnsk,Donnie Brasco,wilhelm.freenode.net
saltsa,dsl-hkibrasgw1-58c018-65.dhcp.inet.fi,Joonas Aunola,barjavel.freenode.net
pgrace_,108.161.133.150,pgrace,asimov.freenode.net
dln,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tpcbtleqnhwltbtw,Daniel L,wolfe.freenode.net
cppforlife_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tbdsjnzzcvwlvvwm,Dmitriy Kalinin,karatkievich.freenode.net
jxv,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-swxvmwsftoslziha,jxv,wilhelm.freenode.net
directxman12,nat/redhat/x-hbohtsaxwwgpjicm,Solly Ross,sinisalo.freenode.net
lkannan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mycolzcaxuenzcty,L K,wilhelm.freenode.net
kumavis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bcneqvjffngnkbuq,aaron,adams.freenode.net
manacit,unaffiliated/manacit,Nick,karatkievich.freenode.net
eparis,nat/redhat/x-labjcmocclmhlmxu,Eric Paris,verne.freenode.net
ewindisch,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lyalgyotxybbdiqj,Eric Windisch,rajaniemi.freenode.net
torment,unaffiliated/torment,torment,karatkievich.freenode.net
orjan,2a02:c0:2f0:2b00:f816:3eff:fec7:4bd9,Got ZNC?,leguin.freenode.net
sturdy,c122-108-192-153.rochd4.qld.optusnet.com.au,Ryan Stuart,wolfe.freenode.net
zimboboyd,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-nxmhfnbezgqdhybw,Zimbo Boyd,leguin.freenode.net
livelace,93.92.201.71,livelace,leguin.freenode.net
betawaffle,ec2-174-129-19-107.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Andrew Hodges,asimov.freenode.net
armin,base.m2m.pm,armin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Xxaxx,you-ra.info,http://xxaxxfoto.narod.ru,verne.freenode.net
claviola,debian/developer/claviola,Carlos Laviola,adams.freenode.net
mgbellai-,192.241.217.97,mgbellaire,rajaniemi.freenode.net
chin-tastic,c-73-184-69-208.hsd1.ga.comcast.net,blades,tepper.freenode.net
Fresleven,shell.whilefork.com,Daniel Dreier,weber.freenode.net
philips,opensuse/member/philipsb,Brandon Philips,wilhelm.freenode.net
ujjain,unaffiliated/ujjain,ujjain,verne.freenode.net
carc,unaffiliated/carc,carc,karatkievich.freenode.net
davidopp___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mkklczxkxphodbqd,David O,adams.freenode.net
alexlist,bjoerk.list.priv.at,Alexander List,sinisalo.freenode.net
JamieH,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zglwkiwrlxnxtnmh,Jamie,leguin.freenode.net
sorah___,133.242.147.149.v6.sakura.ne.jp,sorah.jp,karatkievich.freenode.net
StFS,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eddymrcezrdlzqtd,Stefán Freyr Stefánsson,wolfe.freenode.net
asm89,unaffiliated/asm89,Alexander,karatkievich.freenode.net
lipoqil,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ultbchncgwvmjoal,Mailo Světel,wilhelm.freenode.net
bapalm,96-42-248-149.dhcp.roch.mn.charter.com,se_brandon,hitchcock.freenode.net
ggherdov`__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kihzplutqrpubrwv,Giovanni Gherdovich,wolfe.freenode.net
yoavz-,white.blackit.io,yoavz,asimov.freenode.net
cschneid,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe73:9540,cschneid,wilhelm.freenode.net
Uatec,pinacle4.uatec.net,uatec,hitchcock.freenode.net
sverrest,51.175.199.167,sverre stoltenberg,tepper.freenode.net
gus,2400:6180:0:d0::f76:7001,Angus Lees,wilhelm.freenode.net
albertocsm,83.240.147.146,Alberto São Marcos,leguin.freenode.net
felixjet,96.red-79-152-236.dynamicip.rima-tde.net,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
supadupafleuri,melkinpaasi.cs.helsinki.fi,Lars Finne,weber.freenode.net
jaw_desktop,2401:fa00:11:11:e1f4:3c50:23ce:dcab,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
themurph,nat/redhat/x-kcohvlweiglfesqg,Chris Murphy,asimov.freenode.net
ipsecguy,dslb-092-073-021-138.092.073.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Andreas,tepper.freenode.net
tiforp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hatieaazukftrsgp,Chris,wolfe.freenode.net
lynchc,modemcable104.104-176-173.mc.videotron.ca,imissmymind,card.freenode.net
s_kunk,unaffiliated/s-kunk/x-5139101,s_kunk,wilhelm.freenode.net
wei,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kpaokvszmleuqdyu,Wei Deng,leguin.freenode.net
JoelPM,206.221.188.122,Joel Meyer,karatkievich.freenode.net
smw,nat/google/x-hdvivhbsobircemw,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
masber,129.94.15.152,realname,leguin.freenode.net
esbe,phx04a.facadix.com,esbe,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jdiez,unaffiliated/jdiez,Jose Diez,card.freenode.net
dispalt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sslcrcukqurzuhjx,Dan Di Spaltro,adams.freenode.net
meangrape,64.45.154.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,meangrape,asimov.freenode.net
SoreGums,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-munpgltkizawtene,SoreGums,wilhelm.freenode.net
cubix_,76.21.7.7,cubix,niven.freenode.net
VeggieMeat,wsip-70-182-94-19.ok.ok.cox.net,Brian Altenhofel,weber.freenode.net
clkao,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-reyxsjmeycmqodkg,clkao,wilhelm.freenode.net
johnb-,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qufsqhoqwaqfhgci,John B,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zerick,irc.quassel.zerick.me,Erick Ocrospoma,adams.freenode.net
sttts,62.63.199.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,Dr. Stefan Schimanski,verne.freenode.net
albanc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bufehiyynimmqjdj,Alban,rajaniemi.freenode.net
NET||abuse,srv1.labdigital.co.uk,luke,hitchcock.freenode.net
AdamMeghji__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nkklinrbbqvuifji,Adam Meghji,adams.freenode.net
ptone,django/committer/ptone,Preston Holmes,hitchcock.freenode.net
thomasem,ec2-52-53-195-45.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Thomas Maddox,karatkievich.freenode.net
fus,dev.rozestwinski.com,Rafal,wolfe.freenode.net
amatecha,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ytrpuacgctvdoizd,amatecha,leguin.freenode.net
jbrooks,c-73-222-146-183.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Jason Brooks,niven.freenode.net
vishh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ucsrjdlhtbjrdpms,Vishnu Kannan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rektide_,eldergods.com,rektide,orwell.freenode.net
mrbobbytables,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sbztwsblqymgrxqu,mbt,adams.freenode.net
dato,debian/developer/adeodato,Dato Simó,wilhelm.freenode.net
imcsk8,189.231.19.136,Ivan Chavero,niven.freenode.net
me4,daniel.rip,me,verne.freenode.net
drewanderson,ESS-p-144-138-70-161.mega.tmns.net.au,Drew Anderson,asimov.freenode.net
Hazelesque,lopsa/member/hazelesque,Hazel,verne.freenode.net
Carbon_Monoxide,119247121106.ctinets.com,Carbon Monoxide,adams.freenode.net
aboudreault,osgeo/member/aboudreault,Alan Boudreault,barjavel.freenode.net
tibor,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tuqmtnctodiuptah,Tibor Vass,adams.freenode.net
V1s1ble,unaffiliated/v1s1ble,djsumdog,asimov.freenode.net
balooo,90.216.134.198,Cirrus Core 2,adams.freenode.net
edem,moonbeam.hu,edem,adams.freenode.net
hosh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jahwqbrgxdckzgof,Ho-Sheng Hsiao,wolfe.freenode.net
backjlack,unaffiliated/backjlack,backjlack,adams.freenode.net
meniv,ResNet-3-178.resnet.ucsb.edu,Anonymous User,wilhelm.freenode.net
FireBeyond,unaffiliated/firebeyond,@firebeyond,asimov.freenode.net
AppStore,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zezoncuvvgyessmt,AppStore,adams.freenode.net
koollman,sp1.kooll.info,koollman,rajaniemi.freenode.net
doppo,2604:180::e0fc:a07f,doppo,karatkievich.freenode.net
Ashleee,static.236.64.76.144.clients.your-server.de,Ashlee,niven.freenode.net
natem,znc.nate.aero,natem,weber.freenode.net
mtz,kirk.fixme.se,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
ryanj_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mfomuzlglidtmhjb,ryanj,weber.freenode.net
dbarrett,unaffiliated/dbarrett,dbarrett,niven.freenode.net
unicell1,c-73-170-76-188.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Qiu Yu,sinisalo.freenode.net
ropes,107.170.244.234,JoshR,weber.freenode.net
skath,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wgbkqxenlnyinvpr,Steven,adams.freenode.net
marcelh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-opcduzzfyvjmkdug,Marcel,wolfe.freenode.net
rsquared_,107-197-157-90.lightspeed.rlghnc.sbcglobal.net,Rob Rati,barjavel.freenode.net
djural,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tkvbintipshnyfjd,Aleksandar Djurdjic,wilhelm.freenode.net
jkelly,50-88-20-154.res.bhn.net,jkelly,adams.freenode.net
crshman,216.218.208.89,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
cad,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-aeceokpqrrdibkuq,cad,rajaniemi.freenode.net
quakephil,cpe-69-200-246-39.nyc.res.rr.com,quakephil,weber.freenode.net
john51,15255.s.t4vps.eu,John,sinisalo.freenode.net
hoodow,pdpc/supporter/active/hoodow,Ole Riesenberg,niven.freenode.net
guilhermebr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qmvhgmooclxpfwze,Guilherme Rezende,karatkievich.freenode.net
m3s,unaffiliated/f0rked,Matt Sparks,adams.freenode.net
tmrts,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-imuldztbgepiuthi,Tamer Tas,adams.freenode.net
kad,unaffiliated/kad,"Alexander D. Kanevskiy",adams.freenode.net
masteinhauser,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rueupoaperypujia,Myles Steinhauser,tepper.freenode.net
voxxit,2604:a880:1:20::1e5:900f,Josh Delsman,roddenberry.freenode.net
stefanc_diff,cpc97944-croy24-2-0-cust250.19-2.cable.virginm.net,Stefan,leguin.freenode.net
Nezdali,bsd.ee,Alfalf,wolfe.freenode.net
f0rpaxe,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-segknsqfvvakmbxl,f0rpaxe,leguin.freenode.net
benhouse,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lpwmukoymqjtlzrf,Ben House,adams.freenode.net
fkautz,pdpc/supporter/student/qv,fkautz,wolfe.freenode.net
Vye,li426-243.members.linode.com,Vye,rajaniemi.freenode.net
boolman,79.138.78.238,Emil,adams.freenode.net
kayrus,prod.endocode.com,kayrus,orwell.freenode.net
techntoke__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sqjqrxwuefmepfaz,techntoke__,adams.freenode.net
mephux,unaffiliated/mephux,mephux,verne.freenode.net
parshimers,unaffiliated/parshimers,Ian Maxon,weber.freenode.net
Meta,unaffiliated/meta,null,karatkievich.freenode.net
CoJaBo,unaffiliated/cojabo,aztec,adams.freenode.net
varesa,ec2-52-49-18-111.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Esa Varemo,wolfe.freenode.net
TheEternalAbyss,162.243.61.172,TheEternalAbyss,wolfe.freenode.net
sagerdearia,unaffiliated/necrodearia,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
jak2000,187.185.191.240,...,hitchcock.freenode.net
Wesleysld,2a01:4f8:190:3421::2,Wesleysld,adams.freenode.net
Sisco_,unaffiliated/sisco/x-4156292,Sisco,karatkievich.freenode.net
edwardly,unaffiliated/edwardly,Edward,wolfe.freenode.net
elanc,staff.elanc.ru,Alexey Izumrudov,orwell.freenode.net
skweek,68-200-146-225.res.bhn.net,realname,weber.freenode.net
Guest21509,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-pharnipehyrsjbni,Riccardo Bello,sinisalo.freenode.net
ribasushi,mujunyku.leporine.io,Peter Rabbitson,karatkievich.freenode.net
hagabaka,unaffiliated/hagabaka,hagabaka,wilhelm.freenode.net
SuperSeriousCat,unaffiliated/superseriouscat,Andrew,orwell.freenode.net
Apport,gateway/shell/xzibition.com/x-inhutqpwvkkkkkja,Apport,adams.freenode.net
raj,unaffiliated/cypha,raj,weber.freenode.net
tote,h-60-100.a213.priv.bahnhof.se,tote,leguin.freenode.net
nedbat,python/psf/nedbat,Ned Batchelder,karatkievich.freenode.net
eichiro,107.191.100.185,eichiro,card.freenode.net
realnot,unaffiliated/realnot,Mauro Crociara,leguin.freenode.net
ikonia,unaffiliated/ikonia,Matt Darcy,wilhelm.freenode.net
bigbadjesus,unaffiliated/psidrome,WAT,tepper.freenode.net
gabizou,e3-1270v3.bl-ash0.1.1.2.10.k8.securedservers.com,Gabriel Harris-Rouquette,karatkievich.freenode.net
cydrobolt,fedora/cydrobolt,Chaoyi Zha,wilhelm.freenode.net
ConcernedHobbit,irc.concernedhobbit.eu,Concerned Hobbit, a Concerned Hobbit.,wilhelm.freenode.net
RudyValencia,unaffiliated/rudyvalencia,Rudy Valencia,niven.freenode.net
Topsy__,pool-96-227-53-69.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,666,adams.freenode.net
MacWinner,192.77.239.202,Textual User,tepper.freenode.net
polyrob,unaffiliated/mickn,rob,verne.freenode.net
patteh,unaffiliated/patteh,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
Ulrike,45.55.123.58,Ulrike Schultz,karatkievich.freenode.net
mikeiniowa,ool-1826eaa1.dyn.optonline.net, Python Bot,wilhelm.freenode.net
snowinferno,184.164.131.196,Greg Wilburn,karatkievich.freenode.net
Visage,pdpc/supporter/active/visage,I am not a push-block.,sinisalo.freenode.net
fekz,unaffiliated/fekz,菊地英治,tepper.freenode.net
gmh,hinderaker.com,Glenn M. Hinderaker,karatkievich.freenode.net
oksushi,128.199.226.173,Cal,wolfe.freenode.net
philwills,c-76-22-57-52.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,Phillip Wills,sinisalo.freenode.net
kants,unaffiliated/kants,kants,barjavel.freenode.net
peaches,unaffiliated/mspeaches,peaches,wolfe.freenode.net
fkm,unaffiliated/fkm,Florian Mäder,leguin.freenode.net
monokrome,54.88.139.115,Bailey Stoner,rajaniemi.freenode.net
WizJin,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-wdmakfakfpvvoiha,WizJin,karatkievich.freenode.net
gde33,546A1876.cm-12-3a.dynamic.ziggo.nl,0,wolfe.freenode.net
iaj,static.136.47.47.78.clients.your-server.de,iaj,card.freenode.net
coffee`,169.ip-176-31-165.eu,coffee,tepper.freenode.net
k2gremlin,172-11-154-217.lightspeed.tpkaks.sbcglobal.net,realname,asimov.freenode.net
txtsd,198.23.246.143,Herpington Derpson,asimov.freenode.net
SebastianFlyte,pool-108-48-93-213.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Sebastian Flyte,wolfe.freenode.net
zodiac,unaffiliated/opsec,opsec,adams.freenode.net
xMopxShell,192.95.23.134,xMopxShell,asimov.freenode.net
Nighthawk``,168.235.68.173,Nighthawk,barjavel.freenode.net
elisa87,144.92.237.231,purple,tepper.freenode.net
JonathanNeal,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tjcqzgkhqmuxjaxj,Jonathan Neal,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kingkong|,chatq.net,www.ChatQ.Net @ Owner,karatkievich.freenode.net
DarkMukke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bbzmrmvwjcpvzghg,Mukke,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kristijonas,78-56-32-39.static.zebra.lt,Kristijonas Lukas Bukauskas,tepper.freenode.net
Exterminador,unaffiliated/exterminador,Exterminador,sinisalo.freenode.net
joeypardella,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xmahcnbncmaxjdxo,joey,adams.freenode.net
vlt,lvps87-230-93-209.dedicated.hosteurope.de,nobody,wilhelm.freenode.net
ziro``,178.62.23.156,ziro,weber.freenode.net
maqr,httpcraft/hax,maqr,karatkievich.freenode.net
emerson,freenode/staff/emerson,emerson,wilhelm.freenode.net
Bray90820,50-83-212-56.client.mchsi.com,Aaron,orwell.freenode.net
Exagone313,elou.world,http://elou.world,orwell.freenode.net
dan_j,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rjmkjifjduafgqig,Dan Journo,niven.freenode.net
jalnt,2001:19f0:5801:65:5400:ff:fe2e:273b,jalnt,karatkievich.freenode.net
Netek,c112-250.i07-29.onvol.net,realname,card.freenode.net
robert_,objectx/robert,KVIrc 4.2.0 Equilibrium http://kvirc.net/,orwell.freenode.net
ghostlight,ec2-54-187-97-144.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,ghostlight,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Bantalon,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uzpcooewmvmffyxw,Bantalon,wolfe.freenode.net
MrXXIV,cpe-45-37-177-225.nc.res.rr.com,MrXXIV,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Lucretia,pdpc/supporter/active/lucretia,realname,niven.freenode.net
MRsxypants,synergetic.design,My_user_name,orwell.freenode.net
Spydar007,unaffiliated/spydar007,Darcy Marshall,card.freenode.net
g2,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-fmbddiepytagfvte,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
bleepy,bleepy.org,bleepy,orwell.freenode.net
bin_bash,unaffiliated/bin-bash/x-0273453,fuckyou,weber.freenode.net
fuchstronaut,unaffiliated/fuchstronaut,Fuchstronaut,card.freenode.net
gajus,unaffiliated/gajus,Gajus,adams.freenode.net
lilwiz,unaffiliated/lilwiz,lilwiz,wolfe.freenode.net
Hink,hink.me,Hink,sinisalo.freenode.net
Adoray,dhcp-108-168-39-27.cable.user.start.ca,IndyAdvant,verne.freenode.net
sphalerite,srv.soundray.org,Linus,verne.freenode.net
lilmonkey`,pdpc/supporter/professional/riven,lilmonkey,orwell.freenode.net
g_zen----,195.24.90.244,purple,weber.freenode.net
tcsc,gateway/web/mozilla/x-lvyultokbpeqsedg,tcsc,hitchcock.freenode.net
MissionCritical,unaffiliated/missioncritical,Mission Critical,weber.freenode.net
Tharbakim,S0106b8a38656fe2c.vf.shawcable.net,Tharbakim,verne.freenode.net
stark,unaffiliated/stark,stark,adams.freenode.net
clamstar,162.243.230.189,znc,hitchcock.freenode.net
ross`,68.171.222.93,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
pppingme,unaffiliated/pppingme,pppingme,leguin.freenode.net
Jguy,unaffiliated/jguy,Jguy,hitchcock.freenode.net
Jengu,ec2-54-255-130-255.ap-southeast-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Ande,card.freenode.net
Kazuto,unaffiliated/kkirigaya,0Chris B.,niven.freenode.net
OnkelTem,pppoe-62-84-112-224.dubna.ru,Onkel T?m,karatkievich.freenode.net
Numline1,unaffiliated/numline1,Anakonda,wilhelm.freenode.net
BrianBlaze420,unaffiliated/brianblaze,BlazeBrian,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kocho,unaffiliated/kocho,Chris,wolfe.freenode.net
sjk,unaffiliated/sjk,sjk,niven.freenode.net
Tecfan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wlnimdxjurgsddvt,Tecfan,adams.freenode.net
madprops,138.68.25.106,Gnorts, Mr. Alien,card.freenode.net
fury__,znc.codexterous.com,fury,wolfe.freenode.net
dsc_,pwned.systems,dsc,orwell.freenode.net
niro,unaffiliated/niro,niro,niven.freenode.net
realnot__,host204-54-dynamic.17-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,Mauro Crociara,barjavel.freenode.net
nhandler,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.nhandler,Nathan Handler,karatkievich.freenode.net
pluma,unaffiliated/pluma,Alan Plum,wolfe.freenode.net
Westie,unaffiliated/westie,David Weston,barjavel.freenode.net
Arieh,isdb.nl,shroudBNC User,card.freenode.net
FMan,dsl-kvlbrasgw2-50dcc3-5.dhcp.inet.fi,FMan /Tropyx,hitchcock.freenode.net
Whiskey,31.44.232.185,Whiskey,karatkievich.freenode.net
devghost__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sfmbgaumapbiimbr,Robert Blixt,weber.freenode.net
Haroon,hqraja.com,Haroon Q. Raja,wolfe.freenode.net
Globalirc,zchat.org,11100010011,asimov.freenode.net
tharkun,201.157.71.45,0,leguin.freenode.net
richardwh1uk,scarlet.richardwhiuk.com,Richard Whitehouse,orwell.freenode.net
nelder,unaffiliated/nelder,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
quackgyver,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gsaepubddtwhitow,quackgyver,karatkievich.freenode.net
|DM|,93-86-78-25.dynamic.isp.telekom.rs,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
Azelphur,znc.azelphur.com,:: www.Azelphur.com ::,niven.freenode.net
CrypticSquared,unaffiliated/crypticsquared,CrypticS_,asimov.freenode.net
Guest65040,199.175.50.37,Red Beard,weber.freenode.net
akaWolf,unaffiliated/akawolf,akaWolf,adams.freenode.net
awsm,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qiiuxjbblbewjhgb,Ryan,verne.freenode.net
rominronin,212.186.112.18,rominronin,adams.freenode.net
Brewster,2a07:4840:0:1::30,Brewster'; DROP TABLE USERS;--,adams.freenode.net
es1,unaffiliated/es1,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
spossiba,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,spossiba,wilhelm.freenode.net
ircnode0,kekkonen.niksula.hut.fi,salamander,wilhelm.freenode.net
dan2k3k4,unaffiliated/dan2k3k4,Dan Lemon,card.freenode.net
vol4ko,unaffiliated/vol4ko,vol4ko,barjavel.freenode.net
arooni,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe3b:e418,ZNC Arooni,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Alina-malina,unaffiliated/alina-malina,Alinka,verne.freenode.net
TheAvatar,crew.eushells.com,S�ren "TheAvatar" Jensen,sinisalo.freenode.net
Johnny-,unaffiliated/johnny-,John,barjavel.freenode.net
abruanese,45.63.76.107,not bob,weber.freenode.net
Xiti,unaffiliated/xiti,Xiti,tepper.freenode.net
D-Boy,unaffiliated/cain,Debian Boy,orwell.freenode.net
bugfixer,unaffiliated/hoagie,bugfixer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
vidplace7,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kdegbaljbplgpxld,vid,wolfe.freenode.net
ParokshaX,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-hazhdmkvafpwmmgl,ParokshaX,karatkievich.freenode.net
cart_man2,105.27.205.70,cart,leguin.freenode.net
fruno,c-73-219-198-99.hsd1.ny.comcast.net,Mike M.,niven.freenode.net
ec\,ell.io,ELLIOTTCABLE,tepper.freenode.net
zacts,dragora/developer/zacts,Zak Storer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
SlashLife,botters/slashlife,Simon Stienen,adams.freenode.net
Jon31,unaffiliated/jon30,S Bond,wilhelm.freenode.net
ggherdov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vbwaayesufqmtyef,Giovanni Gherdovich,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lilalinux,80.69.39.131,Max Mustermann,asimov.freenode.net
prosody,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-okwbtnfulegpqetx,.'rosody Vereable Context(°,adams.freenode.net
Haxxa,120.147.48.206,Harrison,weber.freenode.net
djinni,68.ip-149-56-14.net,djinni,karatkievich.freenode.net
Red-Sox,unaffiliated/red-sox,textual user,tepper.freenode.net
Tunefix_,51.174.255.151,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
SirCmpwn,irc.sircmpwn.com,Drew DeVault,adams.freenode.net
hypermist,192.52.166.127,#ballsacks,orwell.freenode.net
icedp,unaffiliated/icedp,_,hitchcock.freenode.net
liste,unaffiliated/liste,Ilmo Euro,orwell.freenode.net
Tristan-Speccy,213.163.67.18,Tristan,orwell.freenode.net
SpecialTech,unaffiliated/specialtech,SpecialTech,leguin.freenode.net
Blue_Hat,66.249.146.219,TwinKam20,niven.freenode.net
synapse,unaffiliated/synapse,sarah,card.freenode.net
wagle,irc.wagle.io,Perry Wagle,,,,,verne.freenode.net
Some_Person,unaffiliated/someperson/x-249303,Sam Townsend,tepper.freenode.net
nchambers,freenode/spooky-exception/bartender/learnprogramming.nchambers,Nicholas Chambers,karatkievich.freenode.net
Waghoul,116.167.203.62.dynamic.wline.res.cust.swisscom.ch,Strumpet apples on a warp pie tangent,card.freenode.net
LiENUS,108-242-135-2.lightspeed.btrgla.sbcglobal.net,unknowed,karatkievich.freenode.net
Defaultti,lakka.kapsi.fi,Defaultti,rajaniemi.freenode.net
silverdust,unaffiliated/bl4ckdu5t,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
sontek,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nivogvqcsgtnrynw,John Anderson,rajaniemi.freenode.net
john51,15255.s.t4vps.eu,John,sinisalo.freenode.net
webguynow,c-73-22-239-213.hsd1.il.comcast.net,...,orwell.freenode.net
Zaneo,45.55.2.85,Zaneo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
DDR,ec2.happyspork.com,David,wolfe.freenode.net
Pilum,vps-85.201.170.217.stwvps.net,JKM,wolfe.freenode.net
StoBrendo,236.ip-149-56-143.net,tux,karatkievich.freenode.net
salamanderrake,2605:a000:1229:c036:e1e7:7a87:804c:9aaa,Salamander Purake,wolfe.freenode.net
feliwir,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-byzibtoqpghfoama,feliwir,sinisalo.freenode.net
K1rk,158.69.167.167,Kirk,card.freenode.net
Xethron,unaffiliated/xethron,Xethron,niven.freenode.net
Cork,firefox/community/cork,Cork,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cmosguy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uzebtlzbcjcpaiph,Adam Klein,weber.freenode.net
Cybertinus,cybertinus.customer.cloud.nl,Cybertinus,niven.freenode.net
rivvles,pdpc/supporter/professional/riven,Support Bot,verne.freenode.net
batman,2a02:fe0:c140:90:10cd:4964:bfd7:d21a,Convos v0.99_17,sinisalo.freenode.net
\mSg,irchelp/msg,mSg,wolfe.freenode.net
Syntaxerror,unaffiliated/snowman25,Syntaxerror,wolfe.freenode.net
vok`,pool-96-245-193-142.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,pi,barjavel.freenode.net
simply6,vps.digitaloverhaul.com,This is it.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
soahccc,2a01:4f8:131:206::2,Soahc,adams.freenode.net
Slck,unaffiliated/deepspace/bot/cccslackbot,I'm a bot,niven.freenode.net
SeksyBabe,199.233.228.235,SeksyBabe,verne.freenode.net
PU240,199.233.228.235,PU240,leguin.freenode.net
peaches,unaffiliated/mspeaches,peaches,wolfe.freenode.net
WWXXVV,199.233.228.236,WWXXVV,orwell.freenode.net
ManxianFu,199.233.228.236,ManxianFu,orwell.freenode.net
monkey-spunk,199.233.228.235,monkey-spunk,weber.freenode.net
Narcolepsia,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.199.195.192.3,Narcolepsia,tepper.freenode.net
pocketprotector,unaffiliated/pocketprotector,* I'm not to lame to read BitchX.doc *,niven.freenode.net
barq,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-azoagbtfnxzvopnn,barq,verne.freenode.net
nounverber,199.233.228.234,nounverber,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
channing,199.233.228.234,channing,karatkievich.freenode.net
LobsterMan,unaffiliated/lobsterman,...,asimov.freenode.net
Backstorm,unaffiliated/ljl/bot/brainstorm,Language bot for ##language - Try %commands,sinisalo.freenode.net
EconBot,pdpc/supporter/bronze/econbot,teralaser's bot,wolfe.freenode.net
movieStar,199.233.228.235,movieStar,karatkievich.freenode.net
LjL,unaffiliated/ljl,LjL,sinisalo.freenode.net
lionid,199.233.228.234,lionid,karatkievich.freenode.net
NotThePopeYET,199.233.228.236,NotThePopeYET,orwell.freenode.net
SpotOfTea,199.233.228.234,SpotOfTea,verne.freenode.net
badon,pdpc/supporter/active/badon,badon,tepper.freenode.net
pangolin,199.233.228.235,pangolin,sinisalo.freenode.net
forque,199.233.228.236,forque,orwell.freenode.net
routebier,199.233.228.236,routebier,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Brainstorm,unaffiliated/ljl/bot/brainstorm,Brainstorm,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Yugemos,unaffiliated/yugemos,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
Jeru,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.49.147.75.217,Jeru,leguin.freenode.net
nickjagger,199.233.228.234,nickjagger,asimov.freenode.net
halorgium,ceramic.spork.in,halorgium,wilhelm.freenode.net
Chewi,gentoo/developer/chewi,James Le Cuirot,sinisalo.freenode.net
irclogger_com,li659-42.members.linode.com,irc log bot, http://www.irclogger.com,asimov.freenode.net
virusman,nwn.axistown.ru,virusman,wilhelm.freenode.net
SwK,freeswitch/developer/swk,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
alech_,65.23.158.58,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
hogetaro,softbank126015116082.bbtec.net,hogetarog,tepper.freenode.net
Swant,freenode/staff/ikea,IKEA,odin.freenode.net
Mancow,bigmatix.com,ohai,leguin.freenode.net
bauruine_,213.239.205.247,bauruine,wolfe.freenode.net
doppo,2604:180::e0fc:a07f,doppo,karatkievich.freenode.net
souther,2605:6400:1:fed5:22:1ac:61c0:e24e,souther,wilhelm.freenode.net
unreal,unaffiliated/unreal,unreal,adams.freenode.net
teotwaki,Maemo/community/contributor/crashanddie,Sebastian Lauwers,karatkievich.freenode.net
_joes__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wvadbfwinhgpmhos,Joe Santoro,leguin.freenode.net
twisted`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmeuevvcnrsegdxc,twisted,karatkievich.freenode.net
du,unsuccessfulartist.com,du,asimov.freenode.net
mrwright,pdpc/supporter/student/mrwright,Matt,adams.freenode.net
blasty`,2a02:2770:12:0:21a:4aff:fe07:7b2c,NO MORE FREE HUGS,wolfe.freenode.net
aczid,tuig.nikhef.nl,Aram Verstegen,orwell.freenode.net
kstubbs,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qpljaiysdhzefxxb,Kit,karatkievich.freenode.net
MetafetishTGBot,i.typefuck.com,Telegram IRC Bot for @metafetish channel,sinisalo.freenode.net
angreifer,angreifer.org,Kevin,sinisalo.freenode.net
feuerrot,shells.chaosdorf.de,feuerrot,wilhelm.freenode.net
sung,unaffiliated/sung,sung,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Skippy_,njoror.squashedfly.eu,Skippy,wilhelm.freenode.net
qDot_,i.typefuck.com,qdot,card.freenode.net
gaeta,104.219.54.245,Got a ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hackdeeper,hackdeeper.org,HackDeeper.org,weber.freenode.net
meZee,unaffiliated/swedftp,SwedFTP,wolfe.freenode.net
pppingme,unaffiliated/pppingme,pppingme,leguin.freenode.net
loglaunc-,188.226.141.55,loglaunch,adams.freenode.net
heroiceric__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rycsszbvxbtigcer,Eric Kelly,wolfe.freenode.net
lele,2a01:2d8:42:42:4c82:3337:ed74:b2fa,Lele Forzani,adams.freenode.net
codepete,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-osxmkiegoacbwufj,Peter,adams.freenode.net
docster,ec2-54-161-149-15.compute-1.amazonaws.com,cinch,verne.freenode.net
vikram__________,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fmjkaxayzixadamn,vikram,wolfe.freenode.net
Voltasalt,5.101.100.240,Why do you care?,wolfe.freenode.net
mjc_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wabcvykxrvjlxhen,Michael J. Cohen,adams.freenode.net
codepreneur,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pqyejjdqzjrjvcxm,codepreneur,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cers,geeksbynature.dk,Christian Sonne,weber.freenode.net
Obi_obi_____,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rijpfahobtlqmpcr,Obi,tepper.freenode.net
mikl,drupal.org/user/56879/view,Mikkel Høgh,adams.freenode.net
dgeb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zmrogvuukioneapn,Dan Gebhardt,wolfe.freenode.net
halorgium,ceramic.spork.in,halorgium,wilhelm.freenode.net
wycats,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-smfzvbsbrljmiitl,Yehuda Katz,adams.freenode.net
jrjohnson,i.didnt.start.the.firrre.com,J Johnson,rajaniemi.freenode.net
da5id,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-apoyirpnfunjytiy,David Olrik,wilhelm.freenode.net
_stowa,static.177.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,hitchcock.freenode.net
topaxi,topaxi.ch,topaxi,asimov.freenode.net
fivetanley,irc.fivetanley.com,Stanley Stuart,card.freenode.net
bbankes,75-169-249-148.slkc.qwest.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
hayer,82.194.220.20,has bnc?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
SoreGums,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-munpgltkizawtene,SoreGums,wilhelm.freenode.net
kumavis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bcneqvjffngnkbuq,aaron,adams.freenode.net
bcardarella,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bqigrkedoytpftat,Brian Cardarella,rajaniemi.freenode.net
domme,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cikgwrvoedxsnihb,Dominik Schmidt,adams.freenode.net
KimRoen,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cchmlyuhckjmfseh,Kim Røen,wolfe.freenode.net
mize,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lzzciqwlwjbxeqfz,Sean Mize,wilhelm.freenode.net
gf3,104.131.182.162,Gianni Chiappetta,rajaniemi.freenode.net
grindhold,c035.cyan.servdiscount-customer.com,grindhold,asimov.freenode.net
ggherdov`__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kihzplutqrpubrwv,Giovanni Gherdovich,wolfe.freenode.net
brittanystoroz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rqullnccwqluujao,Brittany Storoz,leguin.freenode.net
WebSpirit,91.140.67.78,WebSpirit,wilhelm.freenode.net
Guest71678,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-caqcfqprpdrtzrsm,Martin Schürrer,weber.freenode.net
jmontleon,redhat/jmontleon,jmontleo,weber.freenode.net
child,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jkdaltuyolmlltip,bland,wilhelm.freenode.net
axel,77-59-134-149.dclient.hispeed.ch,Axel,karatkievich.freenode.net
rho_,shell.bshellz.net,rho,wolfe.freenode.net
anthony25,aruhier.fr,Anthony,sinisalo.freenode.net
Amoz,h-73-178.a192.priv.bahnhof.se,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
Niklas_,home.hadiko.de,niklas,wolfe.freenode.net
moben,exherbo/developer/moben,Benedikt Morbach,karatkievich.freenode.net
EvilJStoker,unaffiliated/jstoker,EvilJStoker (Contact JStoker if I don't respond.),niven.freenode.net
plouescat,155.ip-158-69-112.net,best,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
djoot,unaffiliated/djoot,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
midnightmagic,unaffiliated/midnightmagic,midnightmagic,weber.freenode.net
sdamashek,tjctf/organizer/sdamashek,Samuel Damashek,orwell.freenode.net
ilbelkyr,atheme/ilbelkyr,bcode,karatkievich.freenode.net
msy,freenode/staff-emeritus/yano,my idle time is a lie,karatkievich.freenode.net
Nothing4You_,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
nicoo,unaffiliated/nicoo,Nicolas Braud-Santoni,tepper.freenode.net
fusl,unaffiliated/fusl,fusl,adams.freenode.net
fwilson,tjctf/organizer/fwilson,Fox Wilson,wilhelm.freenode.net
bocaneri,about/linux/staff/sauvin,realname,asimov.freenode.net
nyuszika7h,lykos/dev/nyuszika7h,nyuszika7h,verne.freenode.net
jelly,pdpc/supporter/active/jelly,Real Name,wolfe.freenode.net
PlasmaStar,unaffiliated/plasmastar,Jamie,hitchcock.freenode.net
YoY,ltl56-2-88-169-169-201.fbx.proxad.net,YoY,barjavel.freenode.net
DalekSec,ubuntu/member/unit193,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
nexysno,mau78-1-88-184-111-173.fbx.proxad.net,snouhaud,adams.freenode.net
EvilWerezombie,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
ecks,wookieepedia/administrator/pdpc.active.ecks,ecks,kornbluth.freenode.net
alucart,2001:41d0:52:cff::f38,Monkey see, monkey do,leguin.freenode.net
PrinZeSiThA,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-otscgtydunggzfup,La Mas Bonita Del Chat.,niven.freenode.net
cats,unaffiliated/cats,cats,rajaniemi.freenode.net
grumble,freenode/staff/grumble,grumble,sinisalo.freenode.net
raccoon-,irchelp/raccoon,Keeper Of The Keys.,adams.freenode.net
bijyjbu,nat2-mtl03.vmpanel.net,akmnlrse,adams.freenode.net
Miron,unaffiliated/supermiron,potato,sinisalo.freenode.net
sh4,unaffiliated/sh4,sh4,rajaniemi.freenode.net
yano,freenode/staff-emeritus/yano,my idle time is a lie,card.freenode.net
Jlexis,lelong.uk,Jlexis,adams.freenode.net
Shadow__X,unaffiliated/shadowx/x-411846,S,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
jenni,jenni/cell-8675309,jenni yanosbot, https://git.io/jenni,tepper.freenode.net
nyu,lykos/dev/nyuszika7h,nyuszika7h,verne.freenode.net
pdq,unaffiliated/pdq,pdq,sinisalo.freenode.net
exio4,unaffiliated/hacker,exio4,adams.freenode.net
CalimeroTeknik,pradic.com,ctk,wolfe.freenode.net
seirl,144.76.140.199,serialk,adams.freenode.net
Dettorer,doublonville.dettorer.net,dettorer,niven.freenode.net
lossyrob,66.212.12.106,Rob,hitchcock.freenode.net
gluegadget,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nsrpogwaizdusdtk,Amir M. Saeid,wolfe.freenode.net
eean,amarok/developer/eean,Ian,wilhelm.freenode.net
hungnv,unaffiliated/hungnv,Hung,rajaniemi.freenode.net
yjmsf20,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-owdanojxnjngdydx,yjmsf20,card.freenode.net
yeitijem,p50995cae.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,mf,hitchcock.freenode.net
psino,unaffiliated/psino,Njal Karevoll,tepper.freenode.net
LeNsTR,unaffiliated/lenstr,lenstr,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
bwmcadams___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wnqqhaskrociadam,Brendan McAdams,weber.freenode.net
SUSEhelp,opensuse/bot/SUSEhelp,Choob SVN - http://svn.uwcs.co.uk/repos/choob/,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Harrier,ec2-52-50-200-207.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Harrier,niven.freenode.net
arunpyasi,gateway/shell/hiyabnc/x-momuflepkicnvalj,arunpyasi,barjavel.freenode.net
norotartagen,71-89-76-184.dhcp.bycy.mi.charter.com,www.aoeu2code.com,tepper.freenode.net
cameronfr,2604:a880:1:20::1e5:900f,Cameron,karatkievich.freenode.net
quuxman,ec2-184-73-183-206.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Abester,adams.freenode.net
loadedice,unaffiliated/loadedice,NA,leguin.freenode.net
froike,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-bwhvpvlqcnfydxdg,froike,wilhelm.freenode.net
tdy,unaffiliated/tdy,tdy,tepper.freenode.net
lemoinem,216-246-228-166.cpe.distributel.net,Mathieu Lemoine,karatkievich.freenode.net
dvdmuckle,unaffiliated/dvdmuckle,David Muckle,rajaniemi.freenode.net
shoup,45.63.76.107,Slick,leguin.freenode.net
fedorafan,unaffiliated/fedorafan,fedorafan,weber.freenode.net
CustosL1men,unaffiliated/cust0slim3n,CustosLimen,weber.freenode.net
wilornel__,ec2-54-68-25-61.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Ubuntu,karatkievich.freenode.net
Ravana,unaffiliated/ravana,Ravana,orwell.freenode.net
APic,apic.name,A. Pic. - my name since YOLD 3149,card.freenode.net
eperzhand,broadband-90-154-73-119.nationalcablenetworks.ru,eperzhand,karatkievich.freenode.net
YS,176.194.229.191,Yaroslav_,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
AlphaOmega82,CPE48ee0c279953-CMbc140153e510.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
ri4naire,rrcs-108-169-145-219.midsouth.biz.rr.com,ri4naire,weber.freenode.net
linuxmodder,fedora/linuxmodder,linuxmodder,sinisalo.freenode.net
neuro_sys,unaffiliated/neurosys/x-283974,neuro_sys,wolfe.freenode.net
MatheusOl,unaffiliated/matheusol,Matheus de Oliveira,niven.freenode.net
wyre,gateway/shell/xshellz/x-qlnvdbuwxungrpfs,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Rudolf,unaffiliated/rudolf,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
rburkholder,199.68.193.54,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
ebe,unaffiliated/eagle,eagle,sinisalo.freenode.net
realz,unaffiliated/realazthat,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
maker,unaffiliated/maker,Michele Orru`,tepper.freenode.net
bmahe,c-69-181-81-140.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Bruno,orwell.freenode.net
not-david,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pvovgwqouunrhlzf,David,wolfe.freenode.net
sirosirian,191.248.121.132,Tiago Nascimento,hitchcock.freenode.net
markelite,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-mvwzqsznmzjauohf,Mark,wolfe.freenode.net
chasmo77,158.183-62-69.ftth.swbr.surewest.net,Al Turing,wilhelm.freenode.net
jercos,173.230.156.174,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
yonatankoren_,ec2-52-32-209-141.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
Treebasher,unaffiliated/treebasher,I wish I knew.,verne.freenode.net
Asoka,akb42.org,"a,card.freenode.net
LongyanG,15255.s.t4vps.eu,long yang,wolfe.freenode.net
Lowl3v3l,dslb-094-218-188-141.094.218.pools.vodafone-ip.de,realname,adams.freenode.net
Vastrix|brb,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-vqhqbawfjtehxjaz,Vastrix,wilhelm.freenode.net
Neuron1k,156.ip-164-132-42.eu,neuron1k,asimov.freenode.net
valere__,lunitari.longwy.net,valere,verne.freenode.net
Archerfou,2001:41d0:1:8115::1,Archerfou,wilhelm.freenode.net
grommur,2001:4b98:beef:0:d5aa:4009:547a:6d13,grommur,niven.freenode.net
aze_,unaffiliated/aze,aze,leguin.freenode.net
valere_,valere.gandi.net,valere,asimov.freenode.net
blackmars0,toroon63-1177742188.sdsl.bell.ca,mars,leguin.freenode.net
XDrive,2601:182:4200:33e0:1808:300e:b0c0:3de6,XDrive,niven.freenode.net
daaaaniel,pool-72-70-50-245.bstnma.fios.verizon.net,Dorkasuaurs,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Lydia_K,li328-145.members.linode.com,Lydia K,orwell.freenode.net
Juerd,computervrede.nl,Juerd,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hatseflats,hatsuseno.rootaccess.nl,Rudolf Leermakers,wilhelm.freenode.net
twisted`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmeuevvcnrsegdxc,twisted,karatkievich.freenode.net
lays147,gateway/shell/kde/x-kevsbkeawgyuxvyg,Lays Rodrigues,adams.freenode.net
Folco,ANantes-654-1-281-154.w81-50.abo.wanadoo.fr,Folco,asimov.freenode.net
sandroandrade,104.236.100.111,Sandro S. Andrade,weber.freenode.net
volker|office_,185.28.184.2,Volker Krause @ KDAB,card.freenode.net
stux|work,37.48.121.205,stux,wilhelm.freenode.net
leinir,amarok/usability/leinir,Dan Leinir Turthra Jensen,wolfe.freenode.net
pursuivant,kde/bot/commit-notifications,irker relaying client,barjavel.freenode.net
rikai,unaffiliated/rikai,rikai,niven.freenode.net
Bigcheese,unaffiliated/bigcheese,Bigcheese,wilhelm.freenode.net
markey,amarok/developer/markey,Mark Kretschmann,kornbluth.freenode.net
rjsalts,green.spectralmud.org,Richard Salts,wilhelm.freenode.net
TheOneRing,amarok/developer/TheOneRing,Hannah,asimov.freenode.net
nonvolatile,grumpypenguin.org,nonvolatile,asimov.freenode.net
Oksana,Maemo/community/ex-council/Wikiwide,IWNice,orwell.freenode.net
dustinm`,149.56.14.68,dustinm,wolfe.freenode.net
blacklotus89,pD9F6D8C4.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Thomas Schneider,barjavel.freenode.net
arichardson,pip.srcf.societies.cam.ac.uk,Alex Richardson,leguin.freenode.net
Hobbyboy,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-fqbyrfcjevawlgcx,Andrew,adams.freenode.net
brot,quassel/contributors/brot,brot,weber.freenode.net
sKreamer,kde/forum/bot/sKreamer,KDE Forum Bot @ #kde-www | rbot (c) Giuseppe Bilot,adams.freenode.net
shocklateboy92,216.243.55.75,Lasath,verne.freenode.net
Ringtailed-Fox,2001:470:1d:c62:cc08:167e:938f:8511,Me Love You Long Time!,rajaniemi.freenode.net
unormal,kde/fux,Mario Fux,adams.freenode.net
kfunk,kde/kfunk,Kevin Funk,verne.freenode.net
Zrax,2601:1c2:4d01:8548:e2cb:4eff:fea1:c690,zrax,wilhelm.freenode.net
feirlane,unaffiliated/feirlane,Marcos L?pez,hitchcock.freenode.net
sgclark,ubuntu/member/sgclark,Scarlett Clark,adams.freenode.net
scummos,kde/developer/brauch,Sven,adams.freenode.net
kde-ci-bot,kde/bot/ci,PircBotX 2.0.1, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bo,weber.freenode.net
APTX,unaffiliated/aptx,APTX,karatkievich.freenode.net
egon0,static.49.92.9.176.clients.your-server.de,egon,niven.freenode.net
AndrewJB,nexus.hobbyboy.co.uk,Andrew,wilhelm.freenode.net
boud,calcifer.xs4all.nl,Boudewijn Rempt,hitchcock.freenode.net
Riddell,29-227-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,Jonathan Riddell,,,,asimov.freenode.net
Mek,kde/mkruisselbrink,Marijn Kruisselbrink,verne.freenode.net
swaechter,randa/president/swaechter,Simon Wächter,adams.freenode.net
Dark-Star,2a01:238:427f:2f00:3060:fc6b:969e:dcf0,Michael Dr�ing,adams.freenode.net
brolin_empey,brolin.be,Brolin Empey,card.freenode.net
JoshW_,unaffiliated/joshwambua,Joseph Joshua,niven.freenode.net
ahiemstra,5353B635.cm-6-4c.dynamic.ziggo.nl,n,wolfe.freenode.net
minlexx,109.195.147.248,realname,weber.freenode.net
guse,unaffiliated/guse,guillaume,barjavel.freenode.net
SardemFF7,exherbo/developer/sardemff7,Quentin Glidic,adams.freenode.net
marneus,iridia.fr,No,card.freenode.net
Iiiak,nexus.fricouv.eu,Vincent Fricou,adams.freenode.net
Milt_n_,163.172.142.36,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
Chouhartem,epheme.re,chouhartem,barjavel.freenode.net
Arathor,jan34-3-78-193-43-26.fbxo.proxad.net,Arathor,verne.freenode.net
floreal,2a01:e34:ec27:8030::1337,Floréal (RPi),adams.freenode.net
A2`,ANancy-651-1-161-136.w90-40.abo.wanadoo.fr,...,orwell.freenode.net
vigilant,vigilant.anserq.com,Anser Quraishi,asimov.freenode.net
Venusaur,wikipedia/Antonio-Lopez,ndsdjs,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
AlexZ,wikimedia/Az1568,Alex Z,barjavel.freenode.net
FastLizard4,wikipedia/pdpc.active.FastLizard4,Doing what I must, because I can.  For science.  Y,orwell.freenode.net
johnny_b,unaffiliated/johnny-b/x-2136417,Johnny Bravo,wilhelm.freenode.net
thuttu77,82-181-33-81.bb.dnainternet.fi,Tero Huttunen,leguin.freenode.net
tnn,periapsis.rymdfartsverket.se,Tobias Nygren (NetBSD),rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Auctus,unaffiliated/auctus,auctus,rajaniemi.freenode.net
henchman,122-57-255-63.jetstream.xtra.co.nz,auctus henchman,hitchcock.freenode.net
snaked,pdpc/supporter/active/snaked,Mustang A. Jailtime,adams.freenode.net
dRkILL2,c-98-217-5-255.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,Mike,asimov.freenode.net
GuntherDW,quadran.system33.be,GuntherDW,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Insomniak`,d108-173-84-93.abhsia.telus.net,The G-Man,karatkievich.freenode.net
XgF,magi1.paris.fr.node.e43.eu,Owen Shepherd,asimov.freenode.net
shikhin,unaffiliated/shikhin,Shikhin Sethi,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
jAg,104.219.107.83,Billiam Gates III,hitchcock.freenode.net
jlhawn,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xohhhlqihjngnfph,Josh Hawn,leguin.freenode.net
stufflebear,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ensenwkvqtguibin,stufflebear,adams.freenode.net
steggy,159.203.197.185,Steggy,verne.freenode.net
ashi_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cxdynufaswyebszl,ashi,wolfe.freenode.net
matp,80-110-89-237.cgn.dynamic.surfer.at,Matthias,weber.freenode.net
magikarren,modemcable051.148-178-173.mc.videotron.ca,Karren,hitchcock.freenode.net
brielle,snowbank.sosdg.org,Brielle,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ashi,unaffiliated/quiesce,ashi,wolfe.freenode.net
ggherdov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vbwaayesufqmtyef,Giovanni Gherdovich,rajaniemi.freenode.net
robink,unaffilated/robink,Robin Kauffman,card.freenode.net
dav1d,volt/developer/dav1d,nope,wilhelm.freenode.net
EvilJStoker,unaffiliated/jstoker,EvilJStoker (Contact JStoker if I don't respond.),niven.freenode.net
scybot,45.55.5.161,Python bot - http://github.com/rmmh/skybot,barjavel.freenode.net
jj2baile,corn-syrup.csclub.uwaterloo.ca,JBailey,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Dessimat0r,demio.us,Stewart "ZNC" Patrick Moore,weber.freenode.net
FireFly,freenode/staff/firefly,FireFly,verne.freenode.net
Prf_Jakob,volt/developer/jakob,Jakob Bornecrantz,barjavel.freenode.net
djinni,68.ip-149-56-14.net,djinni,karatkievich.freenode.net
