xHire,kos.paskuli.cz,xHire,adams.freenode.net
NightKhaos,203-109-234-72.dsl.dyn.ihug.co.nz,Taylor,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
schultmc,c-73-102-89-120.hsd1.in.comcast.net,Michael Schultheiss,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sneakret_,ec2-50-17-243-195.compute-1.amazonaws.com,sneakret,adams.freenode.net
quahog,c-73-102-89-120.hsd1.in.comcast.net,Quahog RI,rajaniemi.freenode.net
criswell,162-197-205-39.lightspeed.iplsin.sbcglobal.net,Sam Hart,niven.freenode.net
schultmc_,sapphire.amellus.net,Michael Schultheiss,orwell.freenode.net
Wydec,pD9EA9383.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Wydec,wolfe.freenode.net
Flint,reynir.aww.moe,Flint,leguin.freenode.net
Moon,unaffiliated/moon,Moon,wolfe.freenode.net
Nogardrevlis,server1.dasprids.de,Nogardrevlis,weber.freenode.net
BasisBit,bka.li,basisbit,verne.freenode.net
Spitfire_Dash,2a02:8071:69e:5100:a183:40e5:7f73:3661,realname,niven.freenode.net
silentium,unaffiliated/silentium,Silentium,karatkievich.freenode.net
fedprod,bnc.stormbit.net,Red Engineer,karatkievich.freenode.net
janhenrik_,dslb-188-101-220-151.188.101.pools.vodafone-ip.de,JanHenrik,rajaniemi.freenode.net
FloppyChiptunes,ip4d1787da.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,maxmontezuma,sinisalo.freenode.net
marsi,marsi.li,mars,kornbluth.freenode.net
CME,ip9234d04d.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,CME,kornbluth.freenode.net
Sorunome,sorunome.de,Sorunome,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
BigMcIntosh,unaffiliated/silentium/bot/bigmcintosh,Big McIntosh,weber.freenode.net
rela,pdpc/supporter/active/rela,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
niklas,j1.nan.uni-karlsruhe.de,miau!,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Fusselkater,fusselkater.org,Jan-Marten B.,niven.freenode.net
implementation,unaffiliated/implementation,enum,card.freenode.net
Rarity1985,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.87.172.78.60,Rarity1985,tepper.freenode.net
Dashy,p2003006CCD54B581C06315FB0767F991.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Dashy,wilhelm.freenode.net
IceColdWulf,server1.dasprids.de,WolfPony,kornbluth.freenode.net
RyuImperator,pD9E38A6E.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,DrachenKaiser,asimov.freenode.net
Asoka,akb42.org,"a,card.freenode.net
DASPRiD,tremulous/developer/DASPRiD,DASPRiD,karatkievich.freenode.net
sycoso,octans.uberspace.de,sycoso,adams.freenode.net
raid,irc.coding4coffee.org,raid,adams.freenode.net
Darki,unaffiliated/darki,CR,verne.freenode.net
PDPie,2607:5300:60:332a::1,Pie,wolfe.freenode.net
jstultz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gkdggpecwajdxbxb,John Stultz,wolfe.freenode.net
bero|2,194.191.245.126,11,8bero,karatkievich.freenode.net
d3z,pdpc/supporter/active/d3z,David Brown,wilhelm.freenode.net
statusbot,ec2-54-69-26-125.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Status.io Bot,rajaniemi.freenode.net
xinliang,183.15.28.93,liuxl,sinisalo.freenode.net
dzin,linaro/dzin,David Zinman,barjavel.freenode.net
griffinp,gateway/shell/linaro/x-tshesmzbfrghwdtd,Peter Griffin,hitchcock.freenode.net
rbasak,canonical/rbasak,Robie Basak,wilhelm.freenode.net
baozich,192.241.220.20,Chen Baozi,roddenberry.freenode.net
derkling,nat/arm/x-llnvvtiljplfkjyg,derkling,tepper.freenode.net
jkridner,pdpc/supporter/active/jkridner,jkridner,leguin.freenode.net
prathamesh,gateway/shell/linaro/x-iqjbzoxryznqbqgh,Prathamesh Kulkarni,karatkievich.freenode.net
nils_2,unaffiliated/nils-2/x-2480262,D’oh,wolfe.freenode.net
Marex,195.140.253.167,Marex,hitchcock.freenode.net
ryanharkin,gateway/shell/linaro/x-aoiaehtegiuiaarn,Ryan Harkin,card.freenode.net
stylesen,gateway/shell/linaro/x-cccbilggthwvczjz,Senthil Kumaran,adams.freenode.net
adep,gateway/shell/linaro/x-kprjcoxmmztjvune,Adrian Perry,barjavel.freenode.net
marex-cloud,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gfcbtykpoetzuhgg,marex,wilhelm.freenode.net
jduck,aha/metasploit.jduck,Joshua J. Drake,card.freenode.net
shawnguo,gateway/shell/linaro/x-kbggxdhyacovyamk,shawnguo,hitchcock.freenode.net
sudeepholla,nat/arm/x-njqljytwgtrqlqzj,Sudeep Holla,tepper.freenode.net
armcc,gateway/shell/linaro/x-pafifzbrnuspdxfi,Andre McCurdy,card.freenode.net
xruxa,gateway/shell/linaro/x-rcjxgjrskacvoqir,Jakub Pavelek,card.freenode.net
rfranz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mzfuvnzjeocprfpz,Roy Franz,sinisalo.freenode.net
chipb,unaffiliated/chipb,chip,wolfe.freenode.net
roxell,linaro/roxell,Anders Roxell,sinisalo.freenode.net
ajb-linaro,gateway/shell/linaro/x-fkakkfbyaremvvwi,Alex Bennée,adams.freenode.net
philip_colmer,linaro/philip-colmer,Philip Colmer,card.freenode.net
TaitenP,61-216-91-110.HINET-IP.hinet.net,Taiten Peng,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ardb,linaro/ardb,Ard Biesheuvel,wolfe.freenode.net
bcc,linaro/bcc,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dapeng,gateway/shell/linaro/x-wjstrotupgpwmjyi,Dapeng Liu,hitchcock.freenode.net
indy,shadow.kastnerove.cz,jkjr,card.freenode.net
terceiro,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe69:3960,Antonio Terceiro,wilhelm.freenode.net
davidm,198.175.124.184,David Mandala,karatkievich.freenode.net
kanta,gateway/shell/linaro/x-czemhhkjyoxtmude,Kanta Vekaria,card.freenode.net
simhos01,217.140.103.75,Simon Hosie,weber.freenode.net
robclark,annarchy.freedesktop.org,Rob Clark,barjavel.freenode.net
smartin,207.ip-37-59-126.eu,Samuel Martin,karatkievich.freenode.net
HarKoT,cpc91238-cmbg18-2-0-cust2.5-4.cable.virginm.net,tony,leguin.freenode.net
bfletcher,gateway/shell/linaro/x-wepjfljgdtenugrx,Fletcher",orwell.freenode.net
vingu1,2a01:e35:8bd4:7750:380e:5f0a:1490:a9d0,vingu,adams.freenode.net
mpoirier,S0106002369de4dac.cg.shawcable.net,realname,tepper.freenode.net
zyga,ubuntu/member/zyga,Zygmunt Krynicki,niven.freenode.net
dgerlach,192.91.75.30,Dave Gerlach,verne.freenode.net
fabo,linaro/fabo,Fathi Boudra,adams.freenode.net
maximk,linaro/maximk,Maxim Kuvyrkov,hitchcock.freenode.net
persia,unaffiliated/persia,Emmet Hikory,asimov.freenode.net
mcan,178.62.169.8,m,verne.freenode.net
ZhouYu,gateway/shell/linaro/x-ienkxkunkyaexube,Joe Yu,card.freenode.net
nashpa,dliviu.plus.com,Liviu Dudau,card.freenode.net
rjwayman,gateway/shell/linaro/x-nhleeckhmgbnwieg,Russel Wayman,weber.freenode.net
awafaa,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sepaadoyxfweicxh,Andrew Wafaa,card.freenode.net
CapNemo,c-73-33-103-172.hsd1.nj.comcast.net,Nicolas Dufour,tepper.freenode.net
shadeslayer,kde/garg,Rohan Garg,verne.freenode.net
scottb,linaro/scottb,Scott Bambrough,card.freenode.net
joey,canonical/pdpc.professional.joey,Joey Stanford,wilhelm.freenode.net
SteveMcIntyre,cheddar.halon.org.uk,Steve McIntyre,niven.freenode.net
CosmicPenguin,znc.codeaurora.org,Jordan Crouse,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bhoj,gateway/shell/linaro/x-tnnulgunopxnpbun,Vishal Bhoj,leguin.freenode.net
lool,debian/developer/lool,Loic Minier,asimov.freenode.net
rovka,linaro/rovka,Diana Picus,sinisalo.freenode.net
kushal,fedora/kushal,Kushal Das,asimov.freenode.net
mwhudson,canonical/mwhudson,Michael Hudson-Doyle,asimov.freenode.net
alexshi,gateway/shell/linaro/x-pkjemufnfbzfecre,Alex Shi,asimov.freenode.net
sumits,gateway/shell/linaro/x-bwnheimmsgusjniv,Sumit Semwal,card.freenode.net
labbott,redhat/labbott,Laura Abbott,wolfe.freenode.net
hvaibhav,gateway/shell/linaro/x-diszbcaimpltytps,Vaibhav Hiremath,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mrc3,gateway/shell/linaro/x-mdtfeknrtjxejbwp,Daniel Diaz,card.freenode.net
arun,unaffiliated/sindian,arun,hitchcock.freenode.net
dannf,complete.lackof.org,dann frazier,rajaniemi.freenode.net
clyon,gateway/shell/linaro/x-iyoesbiettlsxwkl,Christophe Lyon,card.freenode.net
ahs3,linaro/ahs3,Al Stone,niven.freenode.net
mmayer,gateway/shell/linaro/x-wfsluvrlmhvqqnsk,Markus Mayer,card.freenode.net
hrw,redhat/hrw,Marcin Juszkiewicz,card.freenode.net
joeskb7,gateway/shell/linaro/x-jqfvxowoyurwrcmv,Sam Protsenko,barjavel.freenode.net
fuwei_TN,110.89.243.103,Fu Wei,wolfe.freenode.net
nihcas_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yneyouucizkcjhoc,Sachin Pandhare,wilhelm.freenode.net
gattuso,gruppoculturale.it,Silvio Berlusconi,asimov.freenode.net
zumbi,39-244-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,zumbi,card.freenode.net
cebreidian,45.63.76.107,Don't Panic,rajaniemi.freenode.net
AceLan,1.34.161.214,Chia-Lin Kao,weber.freenode.net
suihkulokki,jessie.kos.to,Riku Voipio,card.freenode.net
gema,host109-157-34-33.range109-157.btcentralplus.com,Gema Gomez-Solano,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MariaH,rajraj.nu,Maria H�gberg,wilhelm.freenode.net
MissionCritical,unaffiliated/missioncritical,Mission Critical,weber.freenode.net
hanjun,gateway/shell/linaro/x-iwchgvuzuqjdkcte,Hanjun Guo,card.freenode.net
chunyan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wyepiaijnxmjnamq,Chunyan Zhang,sinisalo.freenode.net
bamvor,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hnjnuputcctzgmkh,Bamvor Jian Zhang,adams.freenode.net
iMadper,106.37.87.243,iMadper,hitchcock.freenode.net
binchen,c110-21-50-193.carlnfd1.nsw.optusnet.com.au,Chen,adams.freenode.net
abner_,192.241.186.61,Abner Silva,asimov.freenode.net
gcgrey,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-redugcootrjaxqbc,George Grey,orwell.freenode.net
linarolog,ec2-23-23-178-99.compute-1.amazonaws.com,log bot:: contact its@linaro.org,tepper.freenode.net
jasonL,gateway/shell/linaro/x-iqjmmrdggvhfyimb,Jason Liu,weber.freenode.net
vijayd,gateway/shell/linaro/x-ketzhpopxaxkzpwb,Vijay Dandiga,weber.freenode.net
codehelp,cheddar.halon.org.uk,Neil Williams,weber.freenode.net
ndec,linaro/ndec,Nicolas Dechesne,,,,card.freenode.net
jramirezortiz,gateway/shell/linaro/x-bnczxxcqjjpvtgbo,Jorge Ramirez-Ortiz,orwell.freenode.net
mortenr,host86-183-101-214.range86-183.btcentralplus.com,Morten Rasmussen,sinisalo.freenode.net
krzk,185.24.219.32,Krzysztof Kozlowski,orwell.freenode.net
Uninstall,kde/developer/bettio,Davide Bettio,,,,adams.freenode.net
rsalveti,linaro/rsalveti,Ricardo Salveti de Araujo,wilhelm.freenode.net
doanac,unaffiliated/doanac,andy.doan,asimov.freenode.net
leiflindholm,linaro/leiflindholm,Leif Lindholm,card.freenode.net
franziskus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tpznfctexfbbbmjq,Franziskus Kiefer,niven.freenode.net
ivan_kh,gateway/shell/linaro/x-didqeypdvwzbpkdo,Ivan Khoronzhuk,weber.freenode.net
stevanr,gateway/shell/linaro/x-yejrzgjfwgyqatdm,Stevan Radakovic,wilhelm.freenode.net
nbhat_DT1,111.93.218.67,purple,niven.freenode.net
doko,2a01:4f8:200:53d4::2,Matthias Klose,,,,niven.freenode.net
mike-holmes,gateway/shell/linaro/x-xfulscefxtgmvbkq,Mike Holmes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
svarbanov,37.157.136.206,purple,adams.freenode.net
andrey-konovalov,gateway/shell/linaro/x-stgecoatiooscfnh,Andrey Konovalov,adams.freenode.net
wookey,cheddar.halon.org.uk,Wookey,karatkievich.freenode.net
markos_,91.180.59.96,Konstantinos Margaritis,leguin.freenode.net
GraemeG,xora.default.ggregory.uk0.bigv.io,Graeme Gregory,wilhelm.freenode.net
Shannon_zhao,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fakrtrthgkdfszyo,Shannon,wilhelm.freenode.net
keith,kodi/staff/keith,keith,karatkievich.freenode.net
docularxu,gateway/shell/linaro/x-tlalotjflyxuipgr,Guodong Xu,card.freenode.net
mitz,KD106167040033.ppp-bb.dion.ne.jp,Mitz Amano,rajaniemi.freenode.net
vireshk,gateway/shell/linaro/x-gwfcoivbleeotpdj,Viresh Kumar,card.freenode.net
tgall_foo,linaro/tgall-foo,Thomas Gall,tepper.freenode.net
sjoerd,2001:981:554d:1:208:9bff:fec3:1d9e,Sjoerd Simons,niven.freenode.net
lkoranda,nat/redhat/x-abbdzmvognypdtnh,L.K.,adams.freenode.net
prasu,gateway/shell/linaro/x-zlnuaitgmlpvsoql,Prasanth Kamuju,asimov.freenode.net
broonie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gnuuzgsjlazwianw,Mark Brown,adams.freenode.net
mturquette,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dnnwcuajgagjsawi,Michael Turquette,sinisalo.freenode.net
njian,gateway/shell/linaro/x-yrdktpsxeesjihxt,Ningsheng Jian,card.freenode.net
martinst,gateway/shell/linaro/x-iviwnmevhmaiuojn,Martin Stadtler,leguin.freenode.net
varad,pasanda.collabora.co.uk,Varad Gautam,adams.freenode.net
hashcode,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qdudlmetefnwkxil,Michael Scott,karatkievich.freenode.net
pundir,gateway/shell/linaro/x-nikwnclllhaohfvs,Amit Pundir,orwell.freenode.net
bopi,gateway/web/freenode/ip.193.202.22.66,193.202.22.66 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Gwaihir,ubuntu/member/gwaihir,Milo Casagrande,barjavel.freenode.net
kugan,58-6-183-210.dyn.iinet.net.au,kugan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Serbannn,gateway/shell/linaro/x-dliluadgcfdsynkn,Serban Constantinescu,card.freenode.net
koen,ip4da29576.direct-adsl.nl,Koen Kooi,weber.freenode.net
yroux,gateway/shell/linaro/x-qwsraepwffqbixdo,Yvan Roux,karatkievich.freenode.net
agallo,gateway/shell/linaro/x-dzzcydsjojehpixg,Andrea Gallo,card.freenode.net
mrutland,rodgrod.phodex.org,Mark Rutland,niven.freenode.net
prpplague,107-206-66-106.lightspeed.rcsntx.sbcglobal.net,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
matty-hart,132.30.189.80.dyn.plus.net,Matt Hart,tepper.freenode.net
dirk,kde/mueller,Dirk Müller,wilhelm.freenode.net
jbech,linaro/jbech,Joakim Bech,card.freenode.net
linarobot,ec2-23-23-178-99.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Linaro Bot,tepper.freenode.net
srinik,gateway/shell/linaro/x-keuogexumbhilnol,Srinivas Kandagatla,verne.freenode.net
Ancient,198.7.63.50,ZNC 1.7.x-git-438-e879203 - http://znc.in,barjavel.freenode.net
mgvideo,gateway/shell/linaro/x-ddktmlgtnvpzmzvw,Mark Gregotski,karatkievich.freenode.net
ciaran,gateway/shell/linaro/x-zhkfhujfirlwtqzi,Ciaran Moran,asimov.freenode.net
mhiramat,gateway/shell/linaro/x-vduirzdbnfjhvsvy,Masami Hiramatsu,orwell.freenode.net
stooart,gateway/shell/linaro/x-wjuumdupfikgkysk,Stuart Monteith,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hanjun1,119.145.15.121,purple,asimov.freenode.net
krtaylor,2605:6000:f489:be00:ed81:5318:c85a:32bb,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
ohama,cicolina.org,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
npitre,modemcable065.157-23-96.mc.videotron.ca,Nicolas Pitre,orwell.freenode.net
jmondi,250.ip-164-132-57.eu,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
bamse,ec2-54-191-8-121.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
SteveCapper,marmot.wormnet.eu,steven,verne.freenode.net
ogra_,p5098ed03.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Oliver Grawert,leguin.freenode.net
ototo,linaro/ototo,Serge Broslavsky,adams.freenode.net
Neo,opennic/Neo,Neo Anderson,niven.freenode.net
lubaoquan,210.51.195.6,New Now Know How,tepper.freenode.net
mwasilew,gateway/shell/linaro/x-tvpxjvnxazsnorhq,Milosz Wasilewski,card.freenode.net
_fortis,static.141.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,fortis,wilhelm.freenode.net
arnd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wlewwyizcllshtvr,Arnd Bergmann,wilhelm.freenode.net
nur,175.144.70.45,Nur Hussein,weber.freenode.net
Nemykal,irc.davies.io,Nemykal,card.freenode.net
cbaylis,linaro/cbaylis,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
djinni,68.ip-149-56-14.net,djinni,karatkievich.freenode.net
praneeth,192.91.75.30,praneeth,leguin.freenode.net
lag,ubuntu/member/lag,Lee Jones,leguin.freenode.net
davepigott,gateway/shell/linaro/x-hgvvordmnaeivrqx,Dave Pigott,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
anmar,gateway/shell/linaro/x-scaqlhxgrfemdabv,Anmar Oueja,card.freenode.net
Vasco,LOOK.MOM.I.AM.ON.TEH.INTARD.NET,Here be dragons,adams.freenode.net
Chinna,gateway/shell/linaro/x-lsycztvkoybmsxuv,Chinnathambi Muthusamy,orwell.freenode.net
galak,gateway/shell/linaro/x-qhhbmckicpksdenm,Kumar Gala,verne.freenode.net
jonmason,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hjyfsdxjpguxdycz,Jon Mason,niven.freenode.net
debris`,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-ppprehxmzvjklind,debris,adams.freenode.net
akira_t,gateway/shell/linaro/x-jrojwisltzukjuqo,Akira Tsukamoto,wolfe.freenode.net
ulfh,gateway/shell/linaro/x-wemhjxfvjtqdafwl,Ulf Hansson,sinisalo.freenode.net
chase_qi,linaro/chase-qi,Chase Qi,hitchcock.freenode.net
smuckle,cpe-76-167-105-107.san.res.rr.com,Steve Muckle,orwell.freenode.net
PaulePanter,mail.gw90.de,Paul Menzel,card.freenode.net
jenswi,gateway/shell/linaro/x-nupdnalabiujacdk,Jens Wiklander,hitchcock.freenode.net
sjg1_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qobtmjmaniedeijb,Simon Glass,wilhelm.freenode.net
topi`,kaverit.org,Topi Kanerva,wolfe.freenode.net
djakov,tengig1-3.cr1.ip6.fobul.net,Georgi Djakov,adams.freenode.net
balkamos,unaffiliated/motley,balkamos,sinisalo.freenode.net
zoli_,gateway/shell/linaro/x-pyzvglhztcterbzj,Zoltan Kuscsik,asimov.freenode.net
jjulian,ip1f1104d3.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,jjulian,card.freenode.net
ZhengXu,gateway/shell/linaro/x-miubyrbxuszpqbeg,Zheng Xu,card.freenode.net
erin_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-aaryehabqbcozbsr,erin.liu,karatkievich.freenode.net
Crofton|work,pool-108-44-116-162.ronkva.east.verizon.net,Philip Balister,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jul_,nat/arm/x-qnsaqamfjuivpddz,Julien Duraj,tepper.freenode.net
araujo,gentoo/developer/araujo,la,rajaniemi.freenode.net
akbennett,gateway/shell/linaro/x-vjsltopeutsolxzb,akbennett,karatkievich.freenode.net
Yi35953,gateway/shell/linaro/x-enorwhhhtjgxtvup,Yi Li,card.freenode.net
ricmm,5.145.175.126,Ricardo Mendoza,adams.freenode.net
Pimmetje,unaffiliated/pimmetje,Pimmetje,weber.freenode.net
robher,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xspqcnpzjkmvnjan,Rob Herring,adams.freenode.net
ivoire,denver.dinauz.org,Rémi Duraffort,orwell.freenode.net
ayjay_t,24-151-28-56.dhcp.nwtn.ct.charter.com,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
juril,nat/arm/x-ouwcobxtsswiufsr,Juri Lelli,sinisalo.freenode.net
ms7821,rack.ms,Mark,karatkievich.freenode.net
bero,arklinux/developer/bero,11,8bero,barjavel.freenode.net
elder_,linaro/elder,Alex Elder,sinisalo.freenode.net
jjardon,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ijgbqofxqqqfodjc,Javier Jardón,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lucz,linaro/lucz,Luca Sokoll,weber.freenode.net
ojn,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xtuqokvuwdmrogui,Olof Johansson,wolfe.freenode.net
bpye,unaffiliated/bpye,Ben,adams.freenode.net
csd,180.14.198.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,Christian Daudt,sinisalo.freenode.net
nesthib,unaffiliated/nesthib,nesthib,barjavel.freenode.net
asac,debian/developer/asac,Alexander Sack,wilhelm.freenode.net
dgriego,linaro/dgriego,David Griego,tepper.freenode.net
geoff-,107-1-141-74-ip-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,Geoff Levand,weber.freenode.net
sdrobertw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qwwijembzbvdvsxk,Robert Wolff,wolfe.freenode.net
bfederau,service.basyskom.com,Benjamin Federau,adams.freenode.net
vickyj,gateway/shell/linaro/x-ovameshhfpwozpua,Victoria Janicki,card.freenode.net
babydoji,c-71-239-122-98.hsd1.il.comcast.net,...,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ShellcatZero,cpe-76-93-136-67.san.res.rr.com,John Shepherd,wilhelm.freenode.net
dfcnvt,unaffiliated/dfcnvt,Tagraf,card.freenode.net
OGF,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pvrijystafsrbarm,OGF,card.freenode.net
urjaman,unaffiliated/urjaman,Urja,adams.freenode.net
brabo,globalshellz/owner/brabo,brabo,asimov.freenode.net
varesa,ec2-52-49-18-111.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Esa Varemo,wolfe.freenode.net
DrLuke,2a04:52c0:101:33:b224:c99:309a:a130,Lukas,niven.freenode.net
lilalinux,80.69.39.131,Max Mustermann,asimov.freenode.net
Thorn,unaffiliated/thorn,realname,tepper.freenode.net
rene-dev,reroo.de,rene,weber.freenode.net
uwe_,ipservice-092-217-109-029.092.217.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Uwe Hermann,card.freenode.net
fergusnoble,repl.esden.net,Fergus Noble,orwell.freenode.net
specing,unaffiliated/specing,Agent Smith,niven.freenode.net
CruX|,mcw.student.utc.sk,jozo,orwell.freenode.net
via,smtp2.matthewvia.info,via,adams.freenode.net
zyp,zyp.no,Vegard,adams.freenode.net
BrainDamage,unaffiliated/braindamage,Andrea,sinisalo.freenode.net
rektide_,eldergods.com,rektide,orwell.freenode.net
chuckmcm,50-247-73-12-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,Chuck McManis,,,,leguin.freenode.net
oz4ga,static-74-42-252-20.br1.glvv.ny.frontiernet.net,Tim - OZ4GA,rajaniemi.freenode.net
_iwc,static.184.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,wilhelm.freenode.net
CheBuzz,unaffiliated/chebuzz,Buzz,tepper.freenode.net
hornang,185.56.186.27,Stig Hornang,karatkievich.freenode.net
MarkusBec,80.69.39.131,Markus Bechtold,niven.freenode.net
jonsowman,kryten.hexoc.com,jon,karatkievich.freenode.net
rbdavison,repl.esden.net,Bernard Davison,hitchcock.freenode.net
apo,2001:41d0:8:684e::3,Valentin,adams.freenode.net
book`_,68.ip-149-56-14.net,book,wolfe.freenode.net
dxld,80-109-145-16.cable.dynamic.surfer.at,dxld,asimov.freenode.net
atx,mike.atx.name,ZlyHackerCoZereMaleDeti,asimov.freenode.net
falstaff,223.42.150.83.ftth.as8758.net,Stefan Agner,asimov.freenode.net
jonkerj,efgh.nl,Jorik Jonker,rajaniemi.freenode.net
trabucayre,91.121.117.161,User Gwe,wolfe.freenode.net
mirage335,64.79.53.118,mirage335,wolfe.freenode.net
riskable,2601:344:c202:6fb:1de2:3f7:edc6:cd94,2.0,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ksarkies,202-161-15-83.dyn.iinet.net.au,Ken Sarkies,adams.freenode.net
sync,sync-hv.de,foobar,verne.freenode.net
uwe_mobile,static.173.76.9.176.clients.your-server.de,uwe,weber.freenode.net
lilalinuxHamburg,80.69.39.131,Max Mustermann,niven.freenode.net
felix_,sigsegv.notmysegfault.de,Felix Held,card.freenode.net
lilvinz,quantec-gw0.dyndns.org,lilvinz,adams.freenode.net
ni,2001:41d0:1:a904::1,Nicolas Schodet,wilhelm.freenode.net
Tectu,193.231.195.178.dynamic.wline.res.cust.swisscom.ch,realname,adams.freenode.net
DrTaft,ip-176-199-217-193.hsi06.unitymediagroup.de,Alex .,adams.freenode.net
vampi-the-frog,86.127.152.228,ucked,adams.freenode.net
Snaipe,72.ip-151-80-119.eu,Snaipe,karatkievich.freenode.net
h2obrain,ctch-office.ethz.ch,h2obrain,wilhelm.freenode.net
indy,shadow.kastnerove.cz,jkjr,card.freenode.net
flixr,repl.esden.net,Felix Ruess,card.freenode.net
rbino,rbino.com,Erre Bino,wolfe.freenode.net
Brando753-o_O_o,63.143.51.198,Brandon Anderson,rajaniemi.freenode.net
maggot_,104.131.72.71,MaggoT,karatkievich.freenode.net
ntfreak,unaffiliated/ntfreak,Spencer Oliver,niven.freenode.net
qyx,krtko.org,qyx,niven.freenode.net
alegen,2001:bc8:23a8::1:666,alegen,wilhelm.freenode.net
bradfier,2a03:b0c0:1:d0::c9:c001,bradfier,adams.freenode.net
cody_,ipbcc2016b.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,cody,hitchcock.freenode.net
betheynyx,45.63.76.107,Public key was not set,wilhelm.freenode.net
esden,repl.esden.net,Piotr Esden-Tempski,adams.freenode.net
elbridge,pool-108-44-189-192.clppva.east.verizon.net,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
Steffanx,unaffiliated/steffanx,steffanx,rajaniemi.freenode.net
k3nt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmyoeyjbxchqixbx,Kent Williams,adams.freenode.net
Kliment,hilla.kapsi.fi,Kliment,orwell.freenode.net
Damme,2001:16d8:cc75::1337,Daniel,adams.freenode.net
cyrozap,2604:180:2:69f::45de,cyrozap,wilhelm.freenode.net
cosm,cspc154.cs.man.ac.uk,cosm,tepper.freenode.net
danielinux,fosdem/staff/danielinux,Daniele Lacamera,wilhelm.freenode.net
Dar1us,118.211.107.230,Daniel O'Connor,orwell.freenode.net
karlp,palmtree.beeroclock.net,karlp,verne.freenode.net
CipherWizard,216-21-169-52.slc.googlefiber.net,Joseph A. Lutz,adams.freenode.net
mrnuke,c-98-197-2-30.hsd1.tx.comcast.net,mrnuke,wolfe.freenode.net
locm3gitter,ec2-54-210-125-241.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nobody,karatkievich.freenode.net
Bird|otherbox,unaffiliated/htt-bird,B1rdz0r,card.freenode.net
flaki,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gfbrryyiiedqbeif,Flaki,weber.freenode.net
wa7son,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-olatwzmukxtkmugc,Thomas Watson,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
RedBull,96-80-202-137-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,Travis Gillin,tepper.freenode.net
KimK,2600:8803:7a85:6d00:3826:c6db:c833:12af,Kim Kirwan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zodbot,fedora/bot/zodbot,Limnoria installed on 2016-06-11T19-31-21,orwell.freenode.net
potty,fedora/potty,Abdel G. Martínez L.,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
brand0,lol.bxroberts.org,4life,asimov.freenode.net
mappum,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pvbatempfqkljggs,Matt,wolfe.freenode.net
voxelot,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xpndlmlbxpddfjgb,voxelot,rajaniemi.freenode.net
moo-_-,lakka.kapsi.fi,Mikko Ohtamaa http://opensourcehacker.com,karatkievich.freenode.net
XgF,magi1.paris.fr.node.e43.eu,Owen Shepherd,card.freenode.net
tonthon,ks37417.kimsufi.com,gaston,niven.freenode.net
chaoflow_,0x2c.org,Florian Friesdorf,karatkievich.freenode.net
tibi,86.125.39.134,Tiberiu Ichim,orwell.freenode.net
Haseo,aufrinfo.net,Haseo,wilhelm.freenode.net
SardemFF7,exherbo/developer/sardemff7,Quentin Glidic,adams.freenode.net
funnel,unaffiliated/espiral,funnel,hitchcock.freenode.net
Hobbestigrou,xvm-0-13.ghst.net,Natal Ngetal,verne.freenode.net
trebuh,unaffiliated/trebuh,trebuh,weber.freenode.net
Ansheos,14.21-218-195.adsl.internet.lu,d_a_r_k_a_s_h_u_r_a,barjavel.freenode.net
ruddur,unaffiliated/ruddur,ruddur,hitchcock.freenode.net
Johann,6-8.fr,Nothing there,orwell.freenode.net
r3m,irssi/user/r3m,r3m,karatkievich.freenode.net
The_KreVarD,LStLambert-656-1-262-176.w193-248.abo.wanadoo.fr,Guillaume,wilhelm.freenode.net
Vagrant,deprecated.fr,Vagrant,weber.freenode.net
Chocooo,195-154-78-44.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Choco,wilhelm.freenode.net
HS-157,161.70.5.93.rev.sfr.net,HS-157,asimov.freenode.net
ptitlouis,gendo.asyd.net,Julien Louis,card.freenode.net
S0rin,ns353173.ip-91-121-91.eu,S0rin,orwell.freenode.net
FlashCode,weechat.org,FlashCode,verne.freenode.net
daeavelwyn1,ns308050.ip-94-23-235.eu,daeavelwyn,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cadure__,133.112.7.84.rev.sfr.net,camping,asimov.freenode.net
piti,pdpc/supporter/active/piti,me,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
taharqa,195-154-75-101.rev.poneytelecom.eu,taharqa,niven.freenode.net
KiwiDash,gordon.kokakiwi.net,Koka El Kiwi,card.freenode.net
weebot,weechat.org,FlashCode,orwell.freenode.net
_jungh4ns,static.184.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,junghans,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mortalius,unaffiliated/mortalius,mortalius,hitchcock.freenode.net
Texou,unaffiliated/texou,Texou,adams.freenode.net
vinylourson,ca.tdct.org,VinylThePooh,adams.freenode.net
nexysno,mau78-1-88-184-111-173.fbx.proxad.net,snouhaud,adams.freenode.net
angarod,184.ip-213-32-18.eu,angarod,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Ulrar,luwin.ulrar.net,-,karatkievich.freenode.net
Lord,zapp.lord.re,Lord,wolfe.freenode.net
koolfy,reverse-177-110.fdn.fr,koolfy,orwell.freenode.net
GoOz,ns358893.ip-91-121-154.eu,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
Fastolph,ns328533.ip-37-187-114.eu,Fastolph of the Moon,barjavel.freenode.net
Zic,ubuntu/member/pdpc.active.zic,Jonathan Marsaud,karatkievich.freenode.net
gustavi,gustavi.org,gustavi,adams.freenode.net
keoz,pha75-1-81-57-54-15.fbx.proxad.net,Grmph,asimov.freenode.net
DavidFromBE,unaffiliated/davidfrombe,DavidFromBelgium,leguin.freenode.net
Esya,62-210-192-133.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
nesthib,unaffiliated/nesthib,nesthib,barjavel.freenode.net
Twoll,unaffiliated/Twoll,Twoll,hitchcock.freenode.net
kolter,gendo.asyd.net,Emmanuel Bouthenot,wilhelm.freenode.net
Elsi,luwin.ulrar.net,Elsi,karatkievich.freenode.net
raso,ns.deb-multimedia.org,raso,card.freenode.net
vdl,147.ip-167-114-97.net,vivien,orwell.freenode.net
Tit0_,ethylix.be,tito,orwell.freenode.net
zumbi,39-244-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,zumbi,card.freenode.net
alastairp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-acqddskeiivynhzx,Alastair Porter,adams.freenode.net
beqn,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hqnaqfjfocfewdvd,Ben Fields,wolfe.freenode.net
noxd,unaffiliated/noxd,noxd,orwell.freenode.net
mzf,unaffiliated/mzf,fakhraee,tepper.freenode.net
irix,gnu/translator/irix,Abbas,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
joal,wikimedia/jallemandou-wmf,Joseph Allemandou,wolfe.freenode.net
Elitre,wikimedia/Elitre,Elitre,wilhelm.freenode.net
abartov,wikimedia/Ijon,Asaf Bartov,card.freenode.net
AmandaNP,wikipedia/DeltaQuad,DeltaQuad,orwell.freenode.net
bblack,wikimedia/bblack-WMF,Brandon Black,weber.freenode.net
_joe_,wikimedia/GLavagetto-WMF,Giuseppe Lavagetto,barjavel.freenode.net
revi,wikimedia/-revi,revi - https://revi.xyz,adams.freenode.net
phuedx,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tfdrdpfseeizmibd,Sam Smith,adams.freenode.net
Steinsplitter,wikimedia/Steinsplitter,Steinsplitter,adams.freenode.net
subbu,2a01:4f8:161:532c::2,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
AlexZ,wikimedia/Az1568,Alex Z,barjavel.freenode.net
Waggie,wikipedia/Waggie,Waggie,verne.freenode.net
raj,unaffiliated/cypha,raj,weber.freenode.net
chasemp,2600:3c02::f03c:91ff:fe6e:f6f5,Chase,leguin.freenode.net
marktraceur,fsf/member/marktraceur,Mark Holmquist,adams.freenode.net
brion,wikipedia/pdpc.professional.brion,Brion Vibber,weber.freenode.net
thedj,unaffiliated/thedj,Derk-Jan Hartman,orwell.freenode.net
jbenet,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kohjqdlvoqxoevrs,Juan Benet,adams.freenode.net
qchris_,91-115-104-51.adsl.highway.telekom.at,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
Christian75,wikipedia/christian75,Christian,rajaniemi.freenode.net
urandom,li338-141.members.linode.com,Eric Evans,asimov.freenode.net
Reedy,wikimedia/pdpc.active.reedy,Reedy,hitchcock.freenode.net
mdholloway|afk,wikimedia/MHolloway-WMF,Michael Holloway,adams.freenode.net
closedmouth,wikipedia/closedmouth,with club sauce,tepper.freenode.net
paladox,wikimedia/paladox,paladox,wilhelm.freenode.net
Fluffernutter,wikipedia/Fluffernutter,Fluffernutter,sinisalo.freenode.net
Nemo_bis,wikimedia/Nemo-bis,Federico,leguin.freenode.net
FlorianSW_,wikimedia/florianschmidtwelzow,realname,niven.freenode.net
Debra,wikipedia/MZMcBride,Well open up your mind and see like me.,card.freenode.net
higgins,68.ip-149-56-14.net,higgins,adams.freenode.net
wikibugs_,wikimedia/bot/pywikibugs,Wikibugs v2.1, http://tools.wmflabs.org/wikibugs/,hitchcock.freenode.net
logmsgbot,einsteinium.wikimedia.org,logmsgbot,barjavel.freenode.net
yannf,wikipedia/yannf,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hoo,wikipedia/Hoo-man,realname,verne.freenode.net
CKoerner_WMF,wikimedia/CKoerner-WMF,Chris Koerner,wilhelm.freenode.net
bbradley,104.128.224.33,bbradley,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gwicke`,wikimedia/gwicke,Gabriel Wicke,barjavel.freenode.net
climadeo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xomklowjwtnexbob,Carolyn,adams.freenode.net
zhuyifei1999_,wikimedia/zhuyifei1999,My name is hidden, dude,sinisalo.freenode.net
bearloga,wikimedia/mpopov-wmf,Mikhail Popov,wolfe.freenode.net
ToAruShiroiNeko,wikimedia/ToAruShiroiNeko,Electronic Video Agent,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tgr|away,wikipedia/tgr,Gergő Tisza,card.freenode.net
Barras2,wikimedia/barras,Paul,wolfe.freenode.net
dcausse,wikimedia/dcausse-wmf,dcausse,orwell.freenode.net
michi_cc,pdpc/supporter/student/michi-cc,Michael Lutz,wilhelm.freenode.net
c,wikimedia/charitwo,my idle time is a lie,hitchcock.freenode.net
e,freenode/staff/spy.edk,Ed Kellett,niven.freenode.net
Bsadowski1,wikipedia/Bsadowski1,Brian S.,asimov.freenode.net
brendan_campbell,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-buzatpqwwbqtuznt,Brendan Campbell-Craven,niven.freenode.net
PuppyKun,miraheze/NDKilla,NDKilla,adams.freenode.net
icinga-wm,einsteinium.wikimedia.org,IRC echo bot,weber.freenode.net
niko,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.niko,Nicolas Coevoet,weber.freenode.net
tonythomas,wikimedia/-01tonythomas,Tony Thomas,sinisalo.freenode.net
Lcawte,wikimedia/Lcawte,Lewis Cawte | http://www.lewiscawte.me/,wolfe.freenode.net
cajoel,wikimedia/jkrauska,Joel Krauska,wilhelm.freenode.net
elukey,wikimedia/ltoscano-wmf,elukey,verne.freenode.net
Jianhui67,wikimedia/Jianhui67,Jianhui67,wilhelm.freenode.net
matthiasmullie,wikipedia/mlitn,Matthias Mullie,niven.freenode.net
Deskana,wikimedia/Deskana,Dan Garry,wolfe.freenode.net
Kiss,cpe-173-88-62-190.columbus.res.rr.com,Kiss,adams.freenode.net
raynor,wikimedia/PMiazga-WMF,Piotr Miazga,leguin.freenode.net
emerson,freenode/staff/emerson,emerson,wilhelm.freenode.net
wikibugs,wikimedia/bot/pywikibugs,Wikibugs v2.1, http://tools.wmflabs.org/wikibugs/,barjavel.freenode.net
godog,debian/developer/filippo,Filippo Giunchedi 0x99D49B6B00CAD1E5,adams.freenode.net
cwd|afk,wikimedia/cdentinger-wmf,casey,wilhelm.freenode.net
SodaAnt,wikipedia/Sodaant,SodaAnt,verne.freenode.net
the-wub,wikimedia/the-wub,Peter Coombe,wilhelm.freenode.net
twentyafterfour,104.236.178.119,Mukunda Modell,karatkievich.freenode.net
Laaknor,wikimedia/Laaknor,Lars �ge Kamfjord,barjavel.freenode.net
Trey314159,wikimedia/TJones-WMF,Trey Jones,adams.freenode.net
Volker_E,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rvxjnqtgazhmkerl,Volker_E,wolfe.freenode.net
halfak,wikipedia/EpochFail,Aaron Halfaker,wilhelm.freenode.net
Dereckson,wikimedia/Dereckson,Sébastien Santoro,orwell.freenode.net
jdlrobson,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zhrcctcbrptuubqf,Jon Robson,wilhelm.freenode.net
paravoid,scrooge.tty.gr,Faidon Liambotis,adams.freenode.net
jgage,65.50.203.2,gage,wolfe.freenode.net
lfaraone,wikimedia/LFaraone,Luke Faraone,sinisalo.freenode.net
Sir_Lestaty,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Sir Lestaty de Lioncourt,barjavel.freenode.net
ejegg|away,ejegg.com,Elliott Eggleston,verne.freenode.net
Vito,unaffiliated/vito,Vito,wilhelm.freenode.net
freephile,c-50-164-164-219.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,Greg Rundlett,adams.freenode.net
gehel,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qdxwbfccoitlgtux,Guillaume Lederrey,sinisalo.freenode.net
lindseyanne,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ukbvfuzhukumjsek,lindsey anne,adams.freenode.net
devunt,mediawiki/devunt,Junehyeon Bae,wilhelm.freenode.net
Techman224,Wikimedia/Techman224,Techman224,niven.freenode.net
Seddon,Wikimedia/Seddon,Joseph Seddon,karatkievich.freenode.net
jan_drewniak,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rusqiupgaydbhgqw,Jan Drewniak,wilhelm.freenode.net
snowolf,wikimedia/Snowolf,Snowolf,wolfe.freenode.net
marostegui,wikimedia/MArostegui-WMF,Manuel Arostegui,leguin.freenode.net
Raymond_,wikipedia/Raymond,New Now Know How,weber.freenode.net
ema,debian/developer/ema,Emanuele Rocca,adams.freenode.net
lynette,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nvryllqxlxmknzgp,llogan,wolfe.freenode.net
thib,wikimedia/Thibaut120094,Thibaut,weber.freenode.net
Nikerabbit,mediawiki/Nikerabbit,Niklas Laxström,barjavel.freenode.net
debt,wikimedia/dtankersley-wmf,debt,wolfe.freenode.net
andrewbogott,wikimedia/andrew-bogott,Andrew Bogott,adams.freenode.net
relrod,redhat/relrod,rickymain,asimov.freenode.net
shinken-wm,internal-server-nat.wmflabs.org,IRC echo bot,leguin.freenode.net
edsanders,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-slqqybweouiyhzed,Ed Sanders,adams.freenode.net
nosferatu,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Nosferatu,card.freenode.net
lestaty,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Sir Lestaty de Lioncourt,adams.freenode.net
zeljkof,wikimedia/zeljko-filipin-wmf,Željko Filipin,sinisalo.freenode.net
Zppix|Away,wikipedia/Zppix,Zppix-PC,wilhelm.freenode.net
Jogo-obb,wikipedia/Jogo-obb,Jogo.obb,adams.freenode.net
Betacommand,unaffiliated/betacommand,Betacommand,verne.freenode.net
mobrovac,wikimedia/mobrovac,Marko Obrovac,wolfe.freenode.net
White_Master,wikimedia/White-Master,White,tepper.freenode.net
Jamesofur,wikimedia/Jamesofur,James Alexander,wolfe.freenode.net
Garnig,unaffiliated/garnig,Garnig,rajaniemi.freenode.net
six,2604:a880:2:d0::273:f001,six,niven.freenode.net
ori,wikipedia/ori-livneh,atdt,barjavel.freenode.net
anomie,wikimedia/anomie,Anomie,adams.freenode.net
quiddity,wikipedia/quiddity,quiddity,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ebernhardson,unaffiliated/ebernhardson,guy,niven.freenode.net
Trizek,wikimedia/Trizek,Trizek,wilhelm.freenode.net
Guest8350,v2.smuckola.org,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
mark,541E9829.cm-5-7c.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Always have a backup route,tepper.freenode.net
NotASpy,wikimedia/Nick,New Now Know How,adams.freenode.net
dapatrick,wikimedia/DPatrick-WMF,Darian Anthony Patrick,adams.freenode.net
myrcx,wikipedia/samtar,Sam,wilhelm.freenode.net
AKPWD,irc.akpwebdesign.com,AKP,karatkievich.freenode.net
jhobs,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yvtafudbhzvizetu,Jeff Hobson,wilhelm.freenode.net
addshore,wikimedia/addshore,addshore,wolfe.freenode.net
draynium,45.63.76.107,needs coffee,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Izhidez,wikipedia/DeltaQuad,Izhidez,weber.freenode.net
dingbat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gwfrxnigsntmwxcj,dingbat,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tobi_WMDE_SW_NA,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mmducshsgzalhqzu,Tobi G.,wilhelm.freenode.net
abian,wikimedia/abian,David Abián,adams.freenode.net
Urbanecm,wikimedia/Martin-Urbanec,Urbanecm,niven.freenode.net
papaul,rrcs-71-41-157-226.sw.biz.rr.com,gcs,weber.freenode.net
mutante,wikimedia/mutante,mutante,adams.freenode.net
Lydia_WMDE,wikidata/Lydia-Pintscher-WMDE,Lydia Pintscher,adams.freenode.net
Sagan,tnb/staff/Luke081515,Luke,asimov.freenode.net
SPF|Cloud,wikipedia/Southparkfan,Southparkfan,leguin.freenode.net
akosiaris,wikimedia/akosiaris-wmf,akosiaris,orwell.freenode.net
MatmaRex,wikipedia/matma-rex,matma.rex@gmail.com,hitchcock.freenode.net
Josve05a,wikipedia/Josve05a,Jonatan Svensson Glad,wolfe.freenode.net
mflow,unaffiliated/shiningthrough,mflow,leguin.freenode.net
bd808,wikimedia/BDavis-WMF,Bryan Davis,leguin.freenode.net
pajz,wikimedia/pajz,pajz,leguin.freenode.net
sjoerddebruin,wikimedia/sjoerddebruin,Sjoerd de Bruin,wilhelm.freenode.net
bmansurov_gone,wikimedia/bmansurov-wmf,bmansurov,wolfe.freenode.net
Glaisher,wikimedia/Glaisher,Glaisher,karatkievich.freenode.net
legoktm,wikipedia/Legoktm,legoktm,karatkievich.freenode.net
olasd,pdpc/supporter/active/olasd,Nicolas Dandrimont,wilhelm.freenode.net
ostriches,mediawiki/demon,Chad H,karatkievich.freenode.net
dbbot-wm,wikimedia/bot/KrinkleBots-3,KrinkleIRCBot Package 0.1.1-alpha,weber.freenode.net
TimStarling,wikipedia/TimStarling,Tim Starling,adams.freenode.net
Sigyn,freenode/utility-bot/sigyn,https://github.com/freenode/Sigyn,weber.freenode.net
putnik[telegram],li187-75.members.linode.com,putnik,asimov.freenode.net
retrohacker,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jbdkduutahlslsjj,Will Blankenship,adams.freenode.net
moritzm,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::7:400f,moritzm,niven.freenode.net
matanya,wikimedia/matanya,Matanya,wolfe.freenode.net
xelizabx,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ktudhhwnbtshuqhh,Eliza,hitchcock.freenode.net
Krinkle,wikimedia/Krinkle,Timo Tijhof,sinisalo.freenode.net
Danny_B,wikimedia/Danny-B.,Danny B.,weber.freenode.net
bearND|afk,wikimedia/bsitzmann-wmf,Bernd,sinisalo.freenode.net
AzaToth,wikipedia/AzaToth,Carl Fürstenberg,rajaniemi.freenode.net
waifu,wikia/vstf/TyA,Ty,adams.freenode.net
kart_,kartik.lustfield.net,Kartik Mistry,verne.freenode.net
Platonides,wikipedia/Platonides,Wikipedia,barjavel.freenode.net
matt_flaschen,wikipedia/Mattflaschen,Matt Flaschen,weber.freenode.net
guillom,wikimedia/guillom,Guillaume Paumier,leguin.freenode.net
HakanIST,wikidata/HakanIST,HakanIST,adams.freenode.net
omilu,iceland.sdf.org,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
schana,wikimedia/nschaaf-wmf,Nathaniel Schaaf,barjavel.freenode.net
greg-g,wikimedia/greg-wmf,Greg Grossmeier,karatkievich.freenode.net
jdloft,wikimedia/Negative24,jdloft,wolfe.freenode.net
ryasmeen,wikimedia/ryasmeen-wmf,Rummana Yasmeen,adams.freenode.net
musikanimal,wikipedia/MusikAnimal,Leon Ziemba,tepper.freenode.net
Zppix|mobile,wikipedia/Zppix,Zppix,wilhelm.freenode.net
Krenair,wikimedia/Krenair,Alex Monk,karatkievich.freenode.net
Coren,wikipedia/Coren,MPelletier (WMF),asimov.freenode.net
Keegan,wikimedia/Keegan,Keegan.,karatkievich.freenode.net
HaeB,wikimedia/HaeB,T. Bayer,adams.freenode.net
wm-bot,wikimedia/bot/wm-bot,wm-bot,card.freenode.net
robh,wikimedia/RobH,robh,karatkievich.freenode.net
gazarsgo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ubgnlmhpywtgfpbu,Ralph Tice,wilhelm.freenode.net
Barras,wikimedia/barras,Paul,kornbluth.freenode.net
Isarra,wikimedia/Isarra,A tent full of grasshoppers,barjavel.freenode.net
PeperPots,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-exoajbaykdxyhfeo,Jasmine,wilhelm.freenode.net
robla,wikimedia/robla,Rob Lanphier,wilhelm.freenode.net
milimetric,wikimedia/dandreescu,Dan Andreescu,adams.freenode.net
ragesoss,wikimedia/ragesoss,Sage Ross,rajaniemi.freenode.net
valhallasw`cloud,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zpkmehgqlrgyecuu,Merlijn van Deen,wolfe.freenode.net
jzerebecki,sammiittai.zerebecki.de,jan,card.freenode.net
byron,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uprqkqvgkpgppdch,Byron,wolfe.freenode.net
edward,4angle.com,Edward Betts,weber.freenode.net
SMalyshev,wikimedia/Smalyshev-WMF,Stas Malyshev,rajaniemi.freenode.net
JD|cloud,wikimedia/Jasper-Deng,Jasper,leguin.freenode.net
tom29739,wikipedia/tom29739,tom29739,niven.freenode.net
Venusaur,wikipedia/Antonio-Lopez,ndsdjs,tepper.freenode.net
p858snake|L2,unaffiliated/p858snake,p858snake,niven.freenode.net
aude,104.131.175.72,aude,rajaniemi.freenode.net
volans,ks3367377.kimsufi.com,volans,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Amir1,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dcqctllthhoxfhev,Amir Sarabadani,karatkievich.freenode.net
santhosh,gateway/shell/firrre/x-xqqvdpmcygvqexqb,Santhosh Thottingal,wilhelm.freenode.net
Shanmugamp7,wikipedia/Shanmugamp7,Shanmugam,wilhelm.freenode.net
nuria,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vjsjviwolgpsssox,nuria,karatkievich.freenode.net
AaronSchulz,mediawiki/Aaron-Schulz,Aaron Schulz,orwell.freenode.net
James_F,wikimedia/JamesF,James D. Forrester,card.freenode.net
stwalkerster,wikimedia/stwalkerster,Simon Walker (fearow.lon.stwalkerster.net),verne.freenode.net
kaldari,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-alkksintajptcoxd,Ryan Kaldari,adams.freenode.net
gilles,wikimedia/gdubuc-wmf,gilles,adams.freenode.net
stashbot,wikimedia/bot/stashbot,https://tools.wmflabs.org/stashbot/,leguin.freenode.net
jackmcbarn,wikipedia/jackmcbarn,Jackmcbarn,wolfe.freenode.net
kerberizer,wikipedia/Iliev,Luchesar V. ILIEV,barjavel.freenode.net
thcipriani|afk,li52-85.members.linode.com,Tyler Cipriani,weber.freenode.net
coreyfloyd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wprnihbirafplxbo,Corey Floyd,adams.freenode.net
DatGuy,wikimedia/DatGuy,DatGuy,orwell.freenode.net
chelsyx,wikipedia/CXie-WMF,Chelsy Xie,wolfe.freenode.net
Matthew_,wikimedia/matthewrbowker,matthewrbowker,sinisalo.freenode.net
ephess_,107.170.221.124,fs,adams.freenode.net
RoanKattouw,mediawiki/Catrope,Roan Kattouw,adams.freenode.net
AndyRussG|away,unaffiliated/andyrussg,Andrew Green,weber.freenode.net
FastLizard4,wikipedia/pdpc.active.FastLizard4,Doing what I must, because I can.  For science.  Y,orwell.freenode.net
elenah,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bxnougmqvtvtsvgp,Elena Hernandez,adams.freenode.net
jouncebot,internal-server-nat.wmflabs.org,https://github.com/mattofak/jouncebot,rajaniemi.freenode.net
olliv,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ebmwompxjfuzebic,Olga Vasileva,card.freenode.net
awjr,wikimedia/awjrichards,Arthur Richards,wilhelm.freenode.net
doctaxon,wikipedia/doc-taxon,Doc Taxon,verne.freenode.net
phedenskog,wikimedia/PHedenskog-WMF,Peter Hedenskog,adams.freenode.net
ashley,MediaWiki/Jack-Phoenix,I'm not your babe,asimov.freenode.net
josephine,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-orxvtloacyufqcda,Josephine,adams.freenode.net
melodykramer,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bthruwgwzvsydncf,Melody Kramer,tepper.freenode.net
MGC,tnb/staff/MGChecker,MGChecker,adams.freenode.net
Niharika,wikimedia/NiharikaKohli,Niharika,adams.freenode.net
mavhc,cpc77319-basf12-2-0-cust433.12-3.cable.virginm.net,mavhc,adams.freenode.net
apergos,wiktionary/ArielGlenn,purple,niven.freenode.net
dr0ptp4kt,wikimedia/abaso-wmf,Adam Baso,karatkievich.freenode.net
grrrit-wm,wikimedia/bot/grrrit-wm,GRRRit the Terrible,orwell.freenode.net
rxy_,wikimedia/rxy,rxy,niven.freenode.net
madhuvishy,wikimedia/mviswanathan-wmf,Madhumitha Viswanathan,tepper.freenode.net
loglaunc-,188.226.141.55,loglaunch,adams.freenode.net
xissburg,unaffiliated/xissburg,xissburg,niven.freenode.net
ML74,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jhjpxjtkdcdlqtid,Matthew Large,wilhelm.freenode.net
[0__0],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me/,orwell.freenode.net
Pricey,2001:8b0:27b:8b20:ba27:ebff:feca:cef4,pricechilde,rajaniemi.freenode.net
vol4ko,unaffiliated/vol4ko,vol4ko,barjavel.freenode.net
Gyran,c-6ed0e055.06-41-73746f4.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,Gyran,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dleonard1,mediavitamin.com,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
hypatia,ubuntu/member/hypa7ia,hypatia,wilhelm.freenode.net
zorkian,dreamwidth/staff/mark,Mark Smith,wolfe.freenode.net
jamfish,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bsfkyajuocoduste,Jamesha,wolfe.freenode.net
dlitz,goedel.dlitz.net,Dwayne Litzenberger,rajaniemi.freenode.net
^Mike,unaffiliated/doherty,Mike,tepper.freenode.net
ms7821,rack.ms,Mark,karatkievich.freenode.net
xwred1,3.158.251.23.bc.googleusercontent.com,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
early,68.ip-149-56-14.net,early,orwell.freenode.net
antifuchs,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-enrtkmlkbeairrrv,Andreas Fuchs,niven.freenode.net
mattcen,c122-108-68-124.sunsh1.vic.optusnet.com.au,Matthew Cengia,wolfe.freenode.net
agi,etc.inittab.org,Alberto Gonzalez Iniesta,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nunpa,38.red-88-25-169.staticip.rima-tde.net,nunpa,hitchcock.freenode.net
nekompetentnyj,178.62.235.106,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
zju,93.85.68.144,pauk,asimov.freenode.net
zju_25,93.85.68.144,Менгисту Хайле Мариам,rajaniemi.freenode.net
skroni,93.85.149.204,realname,leguin.freenode.net
pracz,mm-231-32-215-37.mfilial.dynamic.pppoe.byfly.by,Prach Michael,leguin.freenode.net
gumunculus,173-20-156-235.client.mchsi.com,ncu lus,karatkievich.freenode.net
gomuncul,173-20-156-235.client.mchsi.com,karatkievich.freenode.net,karatkievich.freenode.net
ghjghj,nat-21-pool-1-ip-3.cosmostv.by,Turanga Leela,leguin.freenode.net
sa_,108.61.72.12,sa,asimov.freenode.net
naprimer,93.84.66.103,daffy_duck,hitchcock.freenode.net
tdebug_,kaliuta.org,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
trenka,kaliuta.org,Yauheni Kaliuta,asimov.freenode.net
zju_x,93.85.68.144,Сюгэ Тойон,adams.freenode.net
edog,alcotrash.org,edog,verne.freenode.net
clayraat,li646-92.members.linode.com,skyr,verne.freenode.net
robotustra,2001:19f0:4009:881:ebeb::1,not so stupid to reveal,rajaniemi.freenode.net
che_kist,178.62.21.230,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
ab,pdpc/supporter/professional/ab,Alexander Bokovoy,barjavel.freenode.net
ta1,46.216.18.159,Пользователь Adium,adams.freenode.net
NeoCorteXXX,31.129.161.24,Neo,wolfe.freenode.net
gumunculusI,2620:0:e50:1004:2cef:3f7:4956:15cf,munculus,karatkievich.freenode.net
csh-harmful,cable-192.222.240.178.electronicbox.net,user1,karatkievich.freenode.net
MadD0c,mc.iba.by,Andy Crook,orwell.freenode.net
lfo,li646-92.members.linode.com,none,sinisalo.freenode.net
machine,mitm.mooo.com,She's a machine,card.freenode.net
AndZju1,93.85.68.144,менгисту хайле мариам,leguin.freenode.net
jiggawattz,w0000.net,j. iggawattz,orwell.freenode.net
lll7,unaffiliated/lll7,Unknown,niven.freenode.net
majjoha,ec2-52-57-95-181.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Mathias Jean Johansen,barjavel.freenode.net
kaspergrubbe,88.80.188.142,kasper,orwell.freenode.net
jacobat_,zeg7.x.rootbsd.net,"John Doe",barjavel.freenode.net
Hazelesque,lopsa/member/hazelesque,Hazel,verne.freenode.net
rabcyr,ashley.laurelmail.net,ashley,asimov.freenode.net
Mo0O,unaffiliated/mo0o,steeve,niven.freenode.net
chripo,leo.uberspace.de,f00f00,orwell.freenode.net
untitaker,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wukhwqihndtwsydl,Markus Unterwaditzer,wolfe.freenode.net
Horgix,pelargir.horgix.fr,Alexis "Horgix" Chotard,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Captain_Rage,c52-28.icpnet.pl,There actually is a spoon,adams.freenode.net
problame,2a01:4f8:150:33d3:1::5,problame,adams.freenode.net
benjaoming,37.139.19.237,Benjamin Bach,karatkievich.freenode.net
jaes,LFbn-1-520-103.w86-245.abo.wanadoo.fr,francois,karatkievich.freenode.net
SimonSapin,hako.exyr.org,simon,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
uebera||,unaffiliated/ueberall,Markus Ueberall,niven.freenode.net
tschuy,osuosl/staff/tschuy,tschuye,leguin.freenode.net
romaia,189.19.234.109,Ronaldo Maia,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
shinya,ont211014008247.yahoo.co.jp,shinya,asimov.freenode.net
maskit,gateway/apache/trafficserver/session,maskit,adams.freenode.net
okuryu_________,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fygezdazbtobogdf,Ryuichi Okumura,leguin.freenode.net
funnel,unaffiliated/espiral,funnel,hitchcock.freenode.net
qknight,nixcloud.io,zzz,karatkievich.freenode.net
fling,fsf/member/fling,fling,card.freenode.net
egall_,c-76-21-70-134.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,egall,sinisalo.freenode.net
da2ce7,opentransactions/dev/da2ce7,Cameron Garnham,adams.freenode.net
tg,unaffiliated/tg,tg,karatkievich.freenode.net
xenia,110.87.14.109.rev.sfr.net,New Now Know How,tepper.freenode.net
Guest6949,128.199.100.16,s1w,niven.freenode.net
drathir,unaffiliated/drathir,drathir,karatkievich.freenode.net
thefinn93,unaffiliated/thefinn93,finn,sinisalo.freenode.net
nico_32,internalexception.tl.byme.at,nico,niven.freenode.net
anyone,177.96.182.72,anyone,tepper.freenode.net
fractal,unaffiliated/scounder,fractal,wolfe.freenode.net
heinrich5991,unaffiliated/heinrich5991,heinrich5991,rajaniemi.freenode.net
unicron,unaffiliated/unicron,unicron,asimov.freenode.net
Erkan_Yilmaz,wikimedia/Erkan-Yilmaz,Erkan Yilmaz,hitchcock.freenode.net
so,unaffiliated/so,s,verne.freenode.net
cjd,2c0f:f930:2:12::,user,sinisalo.freenode.net
gurubob,188.166.230.236,Bob Brown,asimov.freenode.net
FrozenDroid,2a01:7c8:aac4:5fe:5054:ff:fe67:a471,Vincent Stakenburg,niven.freenode.net
xcpop,2604:180:2:472::568c,xcpop,leguin.freenode.net
bhaak,84-74-155-133.dclient.hispeed.ch,Patric Mueller,orwell.freenode.net
goto_,satoshis.guru,goto,wilhelm.freenode.net
btcdwed,loves.irc-ban.de,yodude,leguin.freenode.net
othe,coreteam.getmonero.org,othe,leguin.freenode.net
fronti,irc.fh-biergarten.de,m,adams.freenode.net
fydel,p57992C93.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,realname,card.freenode.net
pavonia,unaffiliated/siracusa,real name,niven.freenode.net
Systemshock,185.117.75.217,Systemshock,kornbluth.freenode.net
oc1n,2001:41d0:fe73:4800:bc77:d747:8a7:768d,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
oliv3,hazred.biniou.net,Olivier,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
flohcim,2cc40-1-88-180-206-13.fbx.proxad.net,realname,leguin.freenode.net
sbon,sgc91-h03-89-87-97-40.dsl.sta.abo.bbox.fr,sbon,wilhelm.freenode.net
meandrain,89.39.95.149,meandrain,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
cotalinux,79.112.39.249,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
Dracos-Carazza,p5481C63C.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,MatzeB.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
wowie,g5v.de,wowie,barjavel.freenode.net
DarkRiver_away,80.69.39.131,Dark River,barjavel.freenode.net
akku65,p5B24EA46.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,AKKU,barjavel.freenode.net
zear,c-b8fa71d5.05-110-67626724.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,zear,kornbluth.freenode.net
mindw0rk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tvkqgylhkxfrbpjv,Karolis Stasaitis,adams.freenode.net
DJWillis,82.33.113.205,John Willis,wilhelm.freenode.net
entwanne,4aa54-6-88-168-229-211.fbx.proxad.net,Antoine Rozo,card.freenode.net
BitK,bi.tk,philip_l,karatkievich.freenode.net
Prira_,195-154-251-94.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Prira,verne.freenode.net
solvik,62.210.226.240,solvik,barjavel.freenode.net
chaignc,2001:41d0:8:50d2::1,chaignc,wilhelm.freenode.net
eax64,ns3099658.ip-37-59-60.eu,eax,asimov.freenode.net
vik,vik.io,vik,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
moul,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mnodhmntplbtvzrx,moul,karatkievich.freenode.net
int_0x80,irc.big-daddy.fr,int_0x80,barjavel.freenode.net
SardemFF7,exherbo/developer/sardemff7,Quentin Glidic,adams.freenode.net
ducasse,unaffiliated/ducasse,petter,asimov.freenode.net
Rasi,archlinux/support/rasi,Rasmus Steinke,niven.freenode.net
sochotni1,binaryparadise.com,Stanislav Ochotnicky,wolfe.freenode.net
tx,pdpc/supporter/professional/texta,texta,niven.freenode.net
mrbanie,unaffiliated/mrbanie,mrbanie,karatkievich.freenode.net
Ipsilon,104.236.134.122,Ipsilon,adams.freenode.net
junkmechanic,188.226.240.171,junkmechanic,asimov.freenode.net
dindon,serveursdev2.emi.u-bordeaux1.fr,Dindon Sournois,orwell.freenode.net
eighty6me,unaffiliated/eighty6me,Goner Leone,karatkievich.freenode.net
Alam_Squeeze,rigginstereo.lawarias.srb2.org,Alam Arias,karatkievich.freenode.net
jpleau,unaffiliated/oxez,Jason Pleau,barjavel.freenode.net
pebble`,unaffiliated/espiral,pebble,wilhelm.freenode.net
Coacher,unaffiliated/coacher,Coacher,verne.freenode.net
gregf,64.39.93.117,gregf,niven.freenode.net
driquet,2001:41d0:8:e1d7::,driquet,karatkievich.freenode.net
teto,craiova.ipv6.lip6.fr,teto,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
taharqa,195-154-75-101.rev.poneytelecom.eu,taharqa,niven.freenode.net
bendem,bendem.be,bendem,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cherti,mist.shells.noname-ev.de,cherti,wilhelm.freenode.net
foxxx0,unaffiliated/foxxx0,fox,wolfe.freenode.net
DaveDavenport,unaffiliated/qball,qball,weber.freenode.net
zeltak,karif.server-speed.net,zeltak,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jpwgarrison,unaffiliated/jpwgarrison,jpwgarrison,rajaniemi.freenode.net
chrima,93.93.129.62,chris,karatkievich.freenode.net
st6,seri.fi,Sami "Sami Rissanen" Rissanen,orwell.freenode.net
i7c,unaffiliated/i7c,i7c,adams.freenode.net
azeam,unaffiliated/azeam,azeam,wolfe.freenode.net
barul,ns329657.ip-37-187-117.eu,barul,asimov.freenode.net
thorsten`,apus.uberspace.de,Thorsten W.,weber.freenode.net
peaches,unaffiliated/mspeaches,peaches,wolfe.freenode.net
Robdgreat,unaffiliated/robdgreat,"St. Asaph the Caffeinated, POEE",karatkievich.freenode.net
sn0wmonster,taskhive/developer/sn0wmonster,Skifree Snowmonster,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
karstensrage,unaffiliated/karstensrage,Karsten S. Rage,karatkievich.freenode.net
luxpir,dsl78-143-211-209.in-addr.fast.co.uk,luxpir,tepper.freenode.net
jbenet,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kohjqdlvoqxoevrs,Juan Benet,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
prosody,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-okwbtnfulegpqetx,.'rosody Vereable Context(°,adams.freenode.net
BugBlue,clamans.mobach.nl,rm -rf BitchX.Doc,adams.freenode.net
spossiba,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,spossiba,wilhelm.freenode.net
sysdef,debiancenter/founder.developer/pdpc.professional.sysdef,J. Heine,verne.freenode.net
jhass,ruby/staff/jhass,Jonne Haß,weber.freenode.net
Zoddo,bfnt/member/zoddo,Yohan Prod'homme,rajaniemi.freenode.net
voxxit,2604:a880:1:20::1e5:900f,Josh Delsman,roddenberry.freenode.net
nb,fedora/nb,nb,wilhelm.freenode.net
Nothing4You_,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
ruskie,sourcemage/mage/ruskie,ruskie,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
eichiro,107.191.100.185,eichiro,card.freenode.net
JeDa,codebottle.io/user/jeda,Jesús Hernández,hitchcock.freenode.net
flo|va-nu-pied,unaffiliated/flovanupied/x-758957,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
sbingner,phathack/sbingner,Sam Bingner,karatkievich.freenode.net
Gnitset,krijk.oijk.net,Klas Meder Boqvist,barjavel.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
BovineOne,99-23-192-252.lightspeed.austtx.sbcglobal.net,Jeff Lawson,wolfe.freenode.net
sloniupl,unaffiliated/sloniupl,Sloniu Pl,weber.freenode.net
shka_,109.231.14.178,Marek Kochanowicz,niven.freenode.net
AndrzejL,unaffiliated/andrzejl,,kornbluth.freenode.net
rsanti,unaffiliated/rsanti,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
STONER,unaffiliated/andrzejl,Limnoria 2016.08.07,kornbluth.freenode.net
Pawlik,unaffiliated/pawlik,Pablo,wilhelm.freenode.net
SirW,unaffiliated/olgierd,olgierd,kornbluth.freenode.net
mati-ck,078088224140.kielce.vectranet.pl,server,karatkievich.freenode.net
MISIASTY,unaffiliated/andrzejl,Misiasty - Lokalny Bot...,kornbluth.freenode.net
leafstorm,2604:a880:800:a1::13:2001,Matthew,karatkievich.freenode.net
lambdabot,haskell/bot/lambdabot,Lambda_Robots:_100%_Loyal,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sinclair6,108-75-18-87.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net,Sinclair6,wilhelm.freenode.net
Whoop,unaffiliated/whoop,Adam Gibbins,wilhelm.freenode.net
larsen,163.172.128.32,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
jmiven,woodcarver.algeb.re,Vivien Moreau,niven.freenode.net
jelmer,samba/team/jelmer,Jelmer Vernooij,niven.freenode.net
rodlogic,ec2-54-84-114-28.compute-1.amazonaws.com,rodlogic,niven.freenode.net
guiniol,ns3372265.ip-37-187-11.eu,guiniol,karatkievich.freenode.net
sm,li229-222.members.linode.com,Simon Michael,orwell.freenode.net
hpd,hpdeifel.de,Hans-Peter Deifel,weber.freenode.net
mattcen,c122-108-68-124.sunsh1.vic.optusnet.com.au,Matthew Cengia,wolfe.freenode.net
rabbitface3,192.241.197.29,rabbit,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lewo,smtp.abesis.fr,lewo,wilhelm.freenode.net
Nafai,unaffiliated/nafai,Travis B. Hartwell (@travisbhartwell),card.freenode.net
Clint,libre.fm/hacker/clint,No hay ba,barjavel.freenode.net
jle`,unaffiliated/mstksg,= "Justin Le",sinisalo.freenode.net
kmicu,176.56.237.191,kmicu,wilhelm.freenode.net
_ikke_,ikke.info,kevin,niven.freenode.net
ircbrowse,unaffiliated/chrisdone,chrisdone,niven.freenode.net
pkogan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oowszqbxivhjckxe,Pavel Kogan,adams.freenode.net
lpsmith,unaffiliated/lpsmith,Leon P Smith,orwell.freenode.net
thorsten`,apus.uberspace.de,Thorsten W.,weber.freenode.net
bairyn,unaffiliated/bob0,Byron Johnson,orwell.freenode.net
cocreature,gateway/shell/uberspace.de/x-gguytvwfnmltemaz,Moritz Kiefer,leguin.freenode.net
zacts,dragora/developer/zacts,Zak Storer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nine,ns1.niner.name,Stefan Seifert,asimov.freenode.net
btyler,188.166.71.96,Ben Tyler,wolfe.freenode.net
NeuralAnomaly,unaffiliated/zoffix,Perl6 IRC Client,wilhelm.freenode.net
tailgate,45.55.79.196,Armand Halbert,hitchcock.freenode.net
benchable6,2001:41d0:2:5eb5::,Benchable6,wilhelm.freenode.net
FROGGS,xd9ba6ba0.dyn.telefonica.de,Tobias Leich,hitchcock.freenode.net
vendethiel,118.59.28.93.rev.sfr.net,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
bartolin,tabarz165.aglaz.de,Christian Bartolomaeus,hitchcock.freenode.net
stmuk_,w-17.cust-14660.ip.static.uno.uk.net,Steve Mynott,verne.freenode.net
zostay,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iawgpzocyupjresm,Sterling Hanenkamp,verne.freenode.net
mst,agaton.scsys.co.uk,Matt S Trout,adams.freenode.net
samcv,unaffiliated/samcv,samcv,adams.freenode.net
sivoais,unaffiliated/sivoais,Zaki Mughal (enetdown.org),barjavel.freenode.net
b2gills,subscriber-lsnatpool-64-191-7-0.wcufiber.net,purple,karatkievich.freenode.net
[Coke],irc.p6c.org,Coke,card.freenode.net
bisectable6,2001:41d0:2:5eb5::,Bisectable6,wilhelm.freenode.net
arnsholt,li1505-237.members.linode.com,arne,card.freenode.net
dogbert17,c-fa0be253.1248-1-64736c10.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,dogbert,leguin.freenode.net
gfldex,ip5f5ad049.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,Wenzel Peppmeyer,karatkievich.freenode.net
|Tux|,188.202.26.81,H.Merijn Brand,orwell.freenode.net
psch,irc.p6c.org,psch,verne.freenode.net
Hotkeys,unaffiliated/hotkeys,John,wolfe.freenode.net
go|dfish,nat/dcunetworkingsociety/x-vpcsputacmjmfggi,goldfish,leguin.freenode.net
[TuxCM],2001:981:9fe5:1:2448:7bfd:f327:8cda,H.Merijn Brand,wolfe.freenode.net
ggoebel,76.20.251.120,realname,verne.freenode.net
ilbot3,tina.perlgeek.de,irc log bot, http://moritz.faui2k3.org/en/ilbot,leguin.freenode.net
tony-o,ec2-54-215-195-39.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,tonyo,adams.freenode.net
diakopter,host12.appflux.net,mwilson,verne.freenode.net
RabidGravy,home.rabidgravy.com,Jonathan Stowe,verne.freenode.net
llfourn,124-169-2-136.dyn.iinet.net.au,Lloyd Fournier,adams.freenode.net
dogbert17_,193.111.106.161,dogbert,wolfe.freenode.net
cognominal,108.167.5.93.rev.sfr.net,realname,asimov.freenode.net
yoleaux2,perl6.party,Yoleaux L. Only-Once,wilhelm.freenode.net
synopsebot6,2001:780:101:ff00::2:9,$@%# yeah, perl 6!,wolfe.freenode.net
SourceBaby,2001:780:101:ff00::2:9,Perl6 IRC Client,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Undercover,2001:780:101:ff00::2:9,Perl6 IRC Client,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hoelzro,hoelz.ro,Rob Hoelz,adams.freenode.net
ilmari,dalvik.ping.uio.no,Dagfinn Ilmari Mannsåker,wilhelm.freenode.net
jnthn,li593-242.members.linode.com,Jonathan,hitchcock.freenode.net
JimmyZ,2001:780:101:ff00::2:9,JimmyZ,adams.freenode.net
Woodi,hfy250.internetdsl.tpnet.pl,iUser,karatkievich.freenode.net
Ulti,kali.vm.bytemark.co.uk,Matt Oates,niven.freenode.net
buggable,unaffiliated/zoffix,Perl6 IRC Client,rajaniemi.freenode.net
huggable,perl6.party,Perl6 IRC Client,wilhelm.freenode.net
geekosaur,dreamshell.ttuttle.net,brandon s allbery kf8nh,adams.freenode.net
nebuchadnezzar,zion.baby-gnu.net,Daniel Dehennin,tepper.freenode.net
moritz,tina.perlgeek.de,Moritz Lenz,tepper.freenode.net
literal,u.nix.is,Hinrik Örn Sigurðsson,wilhelm.freenode.net
ugjka,ugjka.net,UgisG,card.freenode.net
japhb,104.132.0.82,Geoff Broadwell,weber.freenode.net
evalable6,2001:41d0:2:5eb5::,Evalable6,wilhelm.freenode.net
jdv79,jdv.devuyst.com,jdv79,barjavel.freenode.net
dalek,2001:780:101:ff00::2:9,Caan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
perlpilot,64.216.252.43,Jonathan Scott Duff,card.freenode.net
ugexe,p6.nu,Nick,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tbrowder,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yjymfljutflvqgxf,Tom Browder,wolfe.freenode.net
masak,irc.p6c.org,Carl Mäsak,niven.freenode.net
viki,perl6.party,WeeChat,adams.freenode.net
DrForr,li165-209.members.linode.com,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
timotimo,gallifrey.wybt.net,timo,karatkievich.freenode.net
TimToady,172-1-61-186.lightspeed.sntcca.sbcglobal.net,Larry Wall,orwell.freenode.net
lizmat,a80-100-131-131.adsl.xs4all.nl,Textual User,niven.freenode.net
camelia,ns1.niner.name,combined, experimental evalbot,tepper.freenode.net
jsimonet,2a00:5881:8110:300::1,jsimonet,wolfe.freenode.net
MasterDuke,gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.69.194.246,173.69.194.246 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
committable6,2001:41d0:2:5eb5::,Committable6,wilhelm.freenode.net
raydiak,cyberuniverses.com,raydiak,weber.freenode.net
Foxmaster,anon-54-8.vpn.ipredator.se,FoxMaster,leguin.freenode.net
Jtblo_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-owzacgacobgbpuqy,Jtblo,wilhelm.freenode.net
whyz,h111n9-n-a31.ias.bredband.telia.com,e,adams.freenode.net
Vili,c-94-255-176-9.cust.bredband2.com,Viktor,verne.freenode.net
Aerroon,unaffiliated/tawre,Tawre,niven.freenode.net
MJBrune,unaffiliated/mjbrune,None,asimov.freenode.net
dobson,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dobson,weber.freenode.net
Tee_Pee,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-otbxxzsukrixcryw,Damir Halilovic,adams.freenode.net
smilertoo,cpc1-bbrg4-2-0-cust36.14-2.cable.virginm.net,...,rajaniemi.freenode.net
phinxy,unaffiliated/phinxy,realname,weber.freenode.net
Lord_of_Life,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-fjncxyxeskzugpwv,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,sinisalo.freenode.net
olli-,really.really.smallhtml.com,olli,sinisalo.freenode.net
dmazzoni,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-klaoyoncukvnorqs,Dominic Mazzoni,adams.freenode.net
rwlbuis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qmbfepmlokmjqtgn,Rob Buis,wolfe.freenode.net
tobie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jtvduwimryemhsmf,Tobie Langel,wolfe.freenode.net
cbiesinger,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vdkhmewebucdxgwn,Christian Biesinger,adams.freenode.net
slightlyoff_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bklucdapfmvunzth,Alex Russell,karatkievich.freenode.net
jkomoros_______,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uacstturkgqmrjul,Alex Komoroske,niven.freenode.net
w0y_someone,mail.somenet.org,irc.htu.tuwien.ac.at,weber.freenode.net
verr,gruss.cc,verr,asimov.freenode.net
gmerz,84-115-1-99.cable.dynamic.surfer.at,georg,karatkievich.freenode.net
Astranox,artemis.ionic.at,astra,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Fernando-Basso,177.82.175.5,Fernando Basso,verne.freenode.net
znpy,93-50-112-244.ip152.fastwebnet.it,Znpy,sinisalo.freenode.net
iclon,38.140.23.90,realname,orwell.freenode.net
bartbes,love/developer/bartbes,bartbes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ecraven,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe93:15bb,nex,niven.freenode.net
vendethiel,118.59.28.93.rev.sfr.net,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tsutsukakushi,163.172.151.191,Yui Hirasawa,leguin.freenode.net
blachance,sunfire62.EECS.Tufts.EDU,Brian T. Lachance,card.freenode.net
ski,remote11.chalmers.se,Stefan Ljungstrand,weber.freenode.net
samth,racket/samth,Sam Tobin-Hochstadt,karatkievich.freenode.net
eagleflo,163.172.137.34,Aku Kotkavuo,asimov.freenode.net
emma,unaffiliated/emma,em,barjavel.freenode.net
emmanueloga,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-crxcsiftxlrlucgw,Emmanuel Oga,adams.freenode.net
jrslepak,kungfu.ccs.neu.edu,Justin R. Slepak,adams.freenode.net
makufiru,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-asdsbcpjmeormynl,makufiru,wolfe.freenode.net
b0g,unaffiliated/b0g,hello,asimov.freenode.net
FreeFull,defocus/sausage-lover,FreeFull,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MorTal1ty,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rwvwwqbrvayxqnlu,MorTal1ty,wilhelm.freenode.net
winny,unaffiliated/winstonw,winny,niven.freenode.net
kartik,unaffiliated/k4rtik,realname,verne.freenode.net
nvgeele,igwe17.vub.ac.be,Nils,hitchcock.freenode.net
m1dnight_,77.109.112.234,Christophe De Troyer,leguin.freenode.net
m4burns,happiestface.convextech.ca,m4burns,karatkievich.freenode.net
banjiewen,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lugfuvtnedqozcio,Benjamin Anderson,adams.freenode.net
mooseboobs,li496-98.members.linode.com,moosetitties,niven.freenode.net
thesnowdog,180.181.123.222,Doug Kearns,sinisalo.freenode.net
parenthetical,parenthetical.me,parenthetical,asimov.freenode.net
tfb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lmuzqvymkxsdllqo,Tim Bradshaw,wilhelm.freenode.net
frug72,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe73:329c,frug72,karatkievich.freenode.net
bjz,14-201-215-168.tpgi.com.au,Brendan Zabarauskas,weber.freenode.net
henrytill,unaffiliated/henrytill,Henry Till,leguin.freenode.net
greghendershott,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pgueccgiwtskcjoz,Greg Hendershott,karatkievich.freenode.net
capisce,rs5.risingnet.net,Samuel Rødal,weber.freenode.net
gf3,104.131.182.162,Gianni Chiappetta,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tonyg,steam.eighty-twenty.org,Tony Garnock-Jones,card.freenode.net
JackMc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qcgbvzlypuwxwhvq,Jack McCracken,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sgeo,ool-18e4354b.dyn.optonline.net,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
nathanic,c-73-51-93-231.hsd1.il.comcast.net,Nathan,barjavel.freenode.net
hoelzro,hoelz.ro,Rob Hoelz,adams.freenode.net
cswords,blurry.ninja,Unknown,card.freenode.net
m1dnight1,83.ip-164-132-199.eu,Christophe De Troyer,barjavel.freenode.net
stamourv,racket/stamourv,Vincent St-Amour,adams.freenode.net
mceier,89-69-196-246.dynamic.chello.pl,Mariusz Ceier,wilhelm.freenode.net
niccs,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-exdpyaivjrixcoep,Nick,weber.freenode.net
rudybot,ec2-52-8-12-207.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Eric Hanchrow's bot, version e31fb13,asimov.freenode.net
siel,unaffiliated/motley,siel,karatkievich.freenode.net
mariorz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gfpsqhlglwjuopaq,mario romero,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jmiven,woodcarver.algeb.re,Vivien Moreau,niven.freenode.net
helix1,BSN-61-5-31.dynamic.siol.net,purple,wilhelm.freenode.net
cantstanya,unaffiliated/cantstanya,chatting,wolfe.freenode.net
Blkt,2a01:4f8:200:2425::adda,Blkt,adams.freenode.net
J_CA,unaffiliated/j-ca/x-9051437,Jeffrey,wilhelm.freenode.net
agarzia,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ndvmesauiornwimt,andre@andregarzia.com,wilhelm.freenode.net
otterdam,reddit/operator/otterdam,Ottery one,hitchcock.freenode.net
ozzloy,unaffiliated/ozzloy,ozzloy palindromemordnilap,adams.freenode.net
keemyb,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-pfisrspkrjqbeojk,Gordon Freeman,wolfe.freenode.net
qiv,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pvccdjmlmvjjqqeo,Philipp Germann,karatkievich.freenode.net
JoshS,172.56.17.181,joshua,wolfe.freenode.net
friscosam,plunder-island.dasbistro.com,Sam Phillips,adams.freenode.net
gornikm,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tdhzvjfrnineuctu,gornikm,verne.freenode.net
leif,racket/leif,Leif Andersen,sinisalo.freenode.net
fluter,fedora/fluter,FDZ,karatkievich.freenode.net
serhart,cpe-2606-A000-4008-7B00-FE40-C240-FE6A-993F.dyn6.twc.com,Steve Erhart,leguin.freenode.net
corvicorax,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lhdukireguolgujj,Zuchto,adams.freenode.net
arbv,unaffiliated/arbv,Artem,karatkievich.freenode.net
BakaKuna,145.129.205.133,Got ZNC?,tepper.freenode.net
mrm,unaffiliated/mrmyers,mrmyers,hitchcock.freenode.net
eMBee,foresight/developer/pike/programmer,Martin B�hr,niven.freenode.net
acarrico,pppoe-68-142-49-130.gmavt.net,Anthony Carrico,orwell.freenode.net
guampa,unaffiliated/guampa,g,verne.freenode.net
NingaLeaf,sonicwall.townepark.com,realname,card.freenode.net
kjanosz,45.32.180.10,kjanosz,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Hyperion2010,cpe-66-75-252-98.san.res.rr.com,Hyperion,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ijp,ec2-54-81-241-43.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Ian Price,orwell.freenode.net
mjl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zbbfafankwoycuaz,mjl,hitchcock.freenode.net
Fare,pool-71-175-15-162.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,François-René Rideau,tepper.freenode.net
ohama,cicolina.org,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
nerfur,mail.freeside.ru,nerfur nerfur,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jtz,unaffiliated/wt/x-8228070,nice,sinisalo.freenode.net
vdloo,88.159.47.132,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
cderici,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xzcpmkprkzeuausb,Caner Derici,wilhelm.freenode.net
gabot,racket/bot/gabot,Eli's IRC bot,asimov.freenode.net
fiddlerwoaroof,unaffiliated/fiddlerwoaroof,Anonymous,verne.freenode.net
chazu,45.55.60.76,chazu,verne.freenode.net
badkins,cpe-2606-A000-111B-6B-B46B-3809-C945-A2EF.dyn6.twc.com,Brian Adkins,karatkievich.freenode.net
wingo,li270-233.members.linode.com,Andy Wingo,karatkievich.freenode.net
s455wang,unaffiliated/gibstick,Charlie,card.freenode.net
jfojtl,40.115.60.203,Jakub Fojtl,wolfe.freenode.net
milodavis,punge.ccs.neu.edu,milodavis,sinisalo.freenode.net
ec\,ell.io,ELLIOTTCABLE,tepper.freenode.net
jeremyheiler,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ndflpmonomnqaacx,jeremy,hitchcock.freenode.net
fold4,rp.eliteskills.com,Jimmy,card.freenode.net
evhan,pdpc/supporter/active/evhan,evhan,niven.freenode.net
sbauman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rlownsnvgwrxntye,Spenser Bauman,adams.freenode.net
ragge,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vgmzaarhlsxrrdny,Ragnar,rajaniemi.freenode.net
samc__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-peijvkcjvmlvulkr,Sam Caldwell,adams.freenode.net
_fortis,static.141.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,fortis,wilhelm.freenode.net
yminsky,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-knnptqzgthwlngit,Yaron Minsky,wolfe.freenode.net
mrknife,unaffiliated/mrknife,No Name,card.freenode.net
kasbah_,ec2-52-51-59-186.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,kasbah,tepper.freenode.net
JStoker,unaffiliated/jstoker,JStoker,niven.freenode.net
djellemah,dsl-197-245-107-48.voxdsl.co.za,John Anderson,barjavel.freenode.net
cojy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vwffknvshiymnbdx,tca,karatkievich.freenode.net
stchang,syrah.ccs.neu.edu,Stephen Chang,asimov.freenode.net
zmthy,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:feb0:feba,Timothy Jones,wolfe.freenode.net
bocaneri,about/linux/staff/sauvin,realname,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
DogHackit,2605:e000:1117:8043:ba27:ebff:fedb:ba9f,Dog Hackit,wilhelm.freenode.net
unbalanced,104.207.144.200,unbalancedparen,niven.freenode.net
d_run,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mplxphxeanaaqzvi,D,wilhelm.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
profmakx,unaffiliated/profmakx,Markus Pfeiffer,verne.freenode.net
gnomon,CPE1c872c7063d0-CM00fc8d8fbe70.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,Ben Zanin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dherman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nkkcwzrntvxqpwrc,David Herman,wolfe.freenode.net
fitzgen,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vmaxpkxqbrjukrwh,Nick Fitzgerald,wolfe.freenode.net
eli,racket/eli,Eli Barzilay,orwell.freenode.net
fakeezz,107.170.17.124,fakeezz,karatkievich.freenode.net
vifino,tty.sh,vifino,barjavel.freenode.net
martinklepsch,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-lzbyvoufpvoneobv,martinklepsch,sinisalo.freenode.net
debris`,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-ppprehxmzvjklind,debris,adams.freenode.net
slack-irc-bot1,ec2-54-242-156-143.compute-1.amazonaws.com,slack-irc-bot,weber.freenode.net
sz0,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uioggvqiwzvmumcv,Sonmez Kartal,adams.freenode.net
khj,dslb-088-070-149-219.088.070.pools.vodafone-ip.de,khj,orwell.freenode.net
niklasl,c83-249-72-11.bredband.comhem.se,niklasl,wolfe.freenode.net
christiansen`,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:feae:5ff2,David Christiansen,niven.freenode.net
zenspider,ruby/staff/zenspider,zenspider,tepper.freenode.net
ArneBab_,55d46f67.access.ecotel.net,Quassel IRC User,barjavel.freenode.net
[o__o],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me,verne.freenode.net
zyklon,20014C4C169F11004B980F0A8359751D.catv.pool.telekom.hu,uvegbot,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zaquest,5.128.210.30,realname,weber.freenode.net
Ralith_,c-24-143-67-131.customer.broadstripe.net,Ralith,tepper.freenode.net
b2coutts,corn-syrup.csclub.uwaterloo.ca,Bryan Coutts,orwell.freenode.net
cebreidian,45.63.76.107,Don't Panic,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mario-goulart,email.parenteses.org,Mario Domenech Goulart,hitchcock.freenode.net
majjoha,ec2-52-57-95-181.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Mathias Jean Johansen,barjavel.freenode.net
IN_AL_60H,linux1.csie.ntu.edu.tw,b00902107,barjavel.freenode.net
dzoe,joe.cz,joe,card.freenode.net
ormaaj,gateway/shell/anapnea.net/x-aezqcutonfibjdtl,ormaaj,weber.freenode.net
ephemeron,unaffiliated/ephemeron,ephemeron,karatkievich.freenode.net
luzie,unaffiliated/ne,bunny,orwell.freenode.net
jessicah,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zemaodubrhjolivf,Jessica Hamilton,karatkievich.freenode.net
nicanaca0,141.170.12.36,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
misv,128.199.49.125,User &,weber.freenode.net
florence,104.236.112.91,sflorence,verne.freenode.net
fridim,box1.onfi.re,fridim,hitchcock.freenode.net
groovy2shoes,unaffiliated/groovebot,cory,karatkievich.freenode.net
bremner,debian/developer/bremner,David Bremner,wolfe.freenode.net
elazul,unaffiliated/elazul,elazul,leguin.freenode.net
dmiles,c-24-20-102-245.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,...,adams.freenode.net
taij33n,volans.uberspace.de,taij33n,wilhelm.freenode.net
stark,unaffiliated/stark,stark,adams.freenode.net
giodamelio,104.131.141.18,Gio d'Amelio,niven.freenode.net
otremblay,web501.webfaction.com,Olivier Tremblay,adams.freenode.net
dustinm,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dustinm,weber.freenode.net
chandler,opendarwin/developer/chandler,foo,orwell.freenode.net
juanfra,unaffiliated/juanfra,juanfra,karatkievich.freenode.net
zeeshanlakhani,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gkojfkjjianulgnt,Zeeshan Lakhani,rajaniemi.freenode.net
NhanH,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nwjszdvrbnqdvtqu,Nhan Ho,wolfe.freenode.net
profan,odin.prfn.se,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
mbrock,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mwkmuwvpnnyvnufv,Mikael Brockman,adams.freenode.net
vishesh,hydrogen.twistedplane.com,vishesh,barjavel.freenode.net
tokik,122x212x176x138.ap122.ftth.ucom.ne.jp,tokik,asimov.freenode.net
tilpner,tilpner.com,tilpner,niven.freenode.net
x1n4u,rdns.s7t.de,x1n4u,niven.freenode.net
xian,vsrv10616.customer.vlinux.de,Christian,asimov.freenode.net
asumu,racket/asumu,asumu,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dataangel,c-50-165-224-148.hsd1.il.comcast.net,unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
jxv,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-swxvmwsftoslziha,jxv,wilhelm.freenode.net
micro`,a9.lence.net,User Micro,adams.freenode.net
thallada,fsf/member/thallada,thallada,asimov.freenode.net
benaiah,104.131.128.41,Benaiah Mischenko,asimov.freenode.net
vikraman,gentoo/developer/vikraman,Vikraman,rajaniemi.freenode.net
reverse_light,ntszok079247.szok.nt.adsl.ppp.infoweb.ne.jp,reverse_light,niven.freenode.net
whiteline,unaffiliated/whiteline,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
dented42,97-117-103-19.slkc.qwest.net,Textual User,card.freenode.net
rntz,96-95-216-165-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
neuri8,62.109.134.112,nuru,hitchcock.freenode.net
lexi-lambda,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rhsiohbvoptnhjmb,Alexis King,wilhelm.freenode.net
ASau,x59cc874a.dyn.telefonica.de,unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
DGASAU,lmpc.drb.insel.de,unknown,tepper.freenode.net
krrrcks,krrrcks.de,krrrcks,adams.freenode.net
NeverDie_,45.33.78.101,NeverDie,weber.freenode.net
swhalen,46.101.75.118,swhalen,hitchcock.freenode.net
Lowl3v3l,dslb-094-218-188-141.094.218.pools.vodafone-ip.de,realname,adams.freenode.net
prettyvanilla,unaffiliated/prettyvanilla,prettyvanilla,hitchcock.freenode.net
hcpl,91.202.129.201,hcpl,orwell.freenode.net
Gusar,194.152.24.58,Gusar,wilhelm.freenode.net
durandal_1707,31.45.225.163,AndChat235809,orwell.freenode.net
tilal6991,unaffiliated/tilal6991,Lalit Maganti,wolfe.freenode.net
hecliunyx,45.63.76.107,hecliunyx,leguin.freenode.net
iMac,d90-142-138-43.cust.tele2.se,iMac,sinisalo.freenode.net
theholyduck,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bltqvokyrmepileh,Martin Frydenlund,verne.freenode.net
cbsrobot,89.217.14.46.static.wline.lns.sme.cust.swisscom.ch,cbsrobot,weber.freenode.net
Artefact2,unaffiliated/artefact2,Romain D.,weber.freenode.net
nyuszika7h,lykos/dev/nyuszika7h,nyuszika7h,verne.freenode.net
winny,unaffiliated/winstonw,winny,niven.freenode.net
Lukimya,cable-roi-58c037-180.dhcp.inet.fi,realname,weber.freenode.net
wm4,ns379744.ip-5-196-70.eu,wm4,barjavel.freenode.net
j605,unaffiliated/j605,j605,barjavel.freenode.net
ps-auxw,p578F7C51.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,-,weber.freenode.net
Frechdachs,2001:41d0:52:d00::e21,Frechdachs,karatkievich.freenode.net
chwy,unaffiliated/chwy,realname,verne.freenode.net
treaki__,p5B11CCCA.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,realname,asimov.freenode.net
Sabrink,that.ass.g-lined.us,Sabrink,rajaniemi.freenode.net
oorm,188.226.170.11,no,karatkievich.freenode.net
Hello71,wikipedia/Hello71,Hello71,weber.freenode.net
eyck,st14cl28.host-nowanet.pl,Debian User,karatkievich.freenode.net
larstobi,cl-82.osl-01.no.sixxs.net,Lars Tobias,rajaniemi.freenode.net
schrobby_,188.166.58.143,Nik,karatkievich.freenode.net
GuntherDW,quadran.system33.be,GuntherDW,weber.freenode.net
avih,192.210.193.18,avih,card.freenode.net
Dagger,sawako.haruhi.eu,Dagger,wilhelm.freenode.net
thirtynein,ip-94-112-70-29.net.upcbroadband.cz,thirtynein,adams.freenode.net
cloph,pD9FB0196.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Christian Lohmaier,wilhelm.freenode.net
MatthewAllan93,unaffiliated/matthewallan93,Matthew Allan,wilhelm.freenode.net
marcan,marcansoft.com,marcan,wolfe.freenode.net
yorick,oftn/oswg-member/yorick,Yorick,barjavel.freenode.net
Nycatelos,unaffiliated/illusional,Yidhra Kthanid,wilhelm.freenode.net
pikhq,75-163-170-132.clsp.qwest.net,pikhq,verne.freenode.net
minus,mnus.de,m!nus,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gmh,hinderaker.com,Glenn M. Hinderaker,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kandarihu,host-68-169-139-179.MIDOLT2.epbfi.com,Kanda Rihu,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Bitterblue,unaffiliated/jackoneill,jackoneill,wilhelm.freenode.net
freq,37.48.86.235,Jukka Palmu,adams.freenode.net
torque,2001:41d0:2:8c53::1,tachyon,niven.freenode.net
arti,arti.ee,Arti Zirk,rajaniemi.freenode.net
wiak,nwgat.ninja,John Doe,leguin.freenode.net
Kovensky,kasumi.kovnsk.net,Diogo Franco,niven.freenode.net
mgr37,63.54.194.77.rev.sfr.net,A CIRC user,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rcombs,irc.rcombs.me,Rodger Combs,sinisalo.freenode.net
wildefyr,unaffiliated/fireblasto,<Insert Here>,niven.freenode.net
herzen,dynamic-acs-24-144-173-48.zoominternet.net,Alex Viskovatoff,card.freenode.net
LordDeath,78.47.131.12,test,adams.freenode.net
antispace,unaffiliated/antispace,Hi! :),leguin.freenode.net
dgw,wikimedia/dgw,dgw,niven.freenode.net
phryk,ip-37-24-162-208.hsi14.unitymediagroup.de,Your mom.,tepper.freenode.net
kelsoo,dragora/developer/kelsoo,kelsoo,karatkievich.freenode.net
haasn`phone,haasn.xyz,haasn,kornbluth.freenode.net
txtsd,198.23.246.143,Herpington Derpson,asimov.freenode.net
rcn,funsociety.net,rcn,niven.freenode.net
Jikan,noein.haruka.fr,Jikan,leguin.freenode.net
ceed^,c-73-159-173-191.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,Vivaldi Technologies,card.freenode.net
retard,zak.radionova.no,tom,wolfe.freenode.net
kartak,CPE00fc8d545aa3-CM00fc8d545aa0.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,KVIrc 4.9.2 Aria http://kvirc.net/,card.freenode.net
kevmitch,S0106247703cedcf4.vc.shawcable.net,Kevin Mitchell,rajaniemi.freenode.net
LinuxDoc,pdpc/supporter/active/linuxdoc,ldoc,niven.freenode.net
excalibr,gateway/shell/firrre/x-aszagjocosiaryoh,excalibr,asimov.freenode.net
BotoX,tatara.botox.bz,BotoX,asimov.freenode.net
woky,37.157.192.89,woky,sinisalo.freenode.net
rivarun,ipa210.225.tellas.gr,rivarun,wilhelm.freenode.net
K1412,198.141-66-87.adsl-dyn.isp.belgacom.be,KVIrc 4.2.0 Equilibrium http://kvirc.net/,weber.freenode.net
Fuuzetsu,37.139.11.195,Shana,karatkievich.freenode.net
donics,unaffiliated/donics,Teled Ildonics,barjavel.freenode.net
tofues,ip70-185-195-220.ok.ok.cox.net,realname,verne.freenode.net
rdz,2001:620:120:1::12,rdz,rajaniemi.freenode.net
fling,fsf/member/fling,fling,card.freenode.net
Ioangogo,huwloosley.plus.com,Ioan,orwell.freenode.net
ferreum,port-11754.pppoe.wtnet.de,ferreus,kornbluth.freenode.net
atomnuker,2001:19f0:7401:8382:5400:ff:fe25:33aa,Rostislav Pehlivanov,wilhelm.freenode.net
BrainDamage,unaffiliated/braindamage,Andrea,sinisalo.freenode.net
Ckat,unaffiliated/ckat,cat,adams.freenode.net
Seifer,172.85-85-154.dynamic.clientes.euskaltel.es,Seifer,orwell.freenode.net
line0,line0.eu,line0,weber.freenode.net
notwa,159.203.4.16,connor,verne.freenode.net
zgreg,nest-1.gnumpf.tk,greg,wolfe.freenode.net
kremfloete,84-52-239.231.3p.ntebredband.no,kremfloete,barjavel.freenode.net
esspapier,80-109-207-2.cable.dynamic.surfer.at,esspapier,sinisalo.freenode.net
Vlavv,178.33.9.4,Vlavv,orwell.freenode.net
chris2,vuxu.org,Christian Neukirchen,niven.freenode.net
Martchus,dslb-188-099-033-156.188.099.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Martchus,asimov.freenode.net
sebhoss,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lhlovdmtajbqorhq,Sebastian Hoß,wilhelm.freenode.net
wariw,89-79-61-163.dynamic.chello.pl,wariw,asimov.freenode.net
fireglow,2001:bc8:3353:200::1337,fireglow,wolfe.freenode.net
runawayfive,unaffiliated/runawayfive,nope,karatkievich.freenode.net
peaceman,2a02:8070:27b2:9700:7896:7880:7e4c:a30,real name,niven.freenode.net
reddraggone9,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-chufmdxmvesixlnr,Lee Jenkins,adams.freenode.net
drathir,unaffiliated/drathir,drathir,karatkievich.freenode.net
CarlGel,unaffiliated/carlgel,Furude Rika,karatkievich.freenode.net
thib,wikimedia/Thibaut120094,Thibaut,weber.freenode.net
benpro,unaffiliated/benpro,benpro,hitchcock.freenode.net
deterenkelt,mg9143.starlink.ru,ehehe… no.,orwell.freenode.net
AirPort,host251-135-dynamic.22-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,AP,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rossy,2604:a880:800:10::b9c:6001,rossy,wolfe.freenode.net
tyng,comfy.moe,tyngdekraften,barjavel.freenode.net
Brando753-o_O_o,63.143.51.198,Brandon Anderson,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Wulf,unaffiliated/wulf,Joern Heissler,roddenberry.freenode.net
rudi_s,ruderich.eu,Simon Ruderich,adams.freenode.net
Zachary_DuBois,yukimorikawa.zacharydubois.net,Zachary DuBois,barjavel.freenode.net
blank_name,50-107-81-135.adr02.mskg.mi.frontiernet.net,blank_name,hitchcock.freenode.net
dibas,unaffiliated/dibas,dibas,wolfe.freenode.net
Asterisk,unaffiliated/asterisk,Asterisk,asimov.freenode.net
dongo,195-154-221-109.rev.poneytelecom.eu,dongo,karatkievich.freenode.net
stfn,unaffiliated/stfn,stfn,niven.freenode.net
gouchi,ivr94-8-88-162-27-162.fbx.proxad.net,gouchi,leguin.freenode.net
divVerent,xonotic/core-team/divVerent,divVerent,card.freenode.net
APTX,unaffiliated/aptx,APTX,karatkievich.freenode.net
inara,68.ip-149-56-14.net,inara,karatkievich.freenode.net
q66,enlightenment/developer/q66,Daniel Kolesa,wilhelm.freenode.net
sfan5,unaffiliated/sfan5,kitten,niven.freenode.net
gardar,bnc.giraffi.net,gardar,card.freenode.net
live_the_dream,124-169-136-153.dyn.iinet.net.au,live,card.freenode.net
Stranger09,2405:205:84:2db6:120b:a9ff:fedb:f464,stranger09,niven.freenode.net
rIMpossible,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-aiqmurisgivhhhys,rIMpossible,wilhelm.freenode.net
flippant,unaffiliated/nyx114,_,rajaniemi.freenode.net
TD-Linux,about/essy/indecisive/TD-Linux,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
haasn,haasn.xyz,haasn,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Argon],unaffiliated/argon/x-6722509,Argon,karatkievich.freenode.net
ParkerR,unaffiliated/parkerr,ParkerR,adams.freenode.net
JanC,lugwv/member/JanC,Jan Claeys,wilhelm.freenode.net
mobad,104.200.154.26,realname,card.freenode.net
Shibe,botters/ShibaInu,shibainu the programming doge,adams.freenode.net
mozzarella,unaffiliated/sam113101,sam,karatkievich.freenode.net
RiCON,fsbn.eu,wut,verne.freenode.net
creat,unaffiliated/creat,Creator,adams.freenode.net
LaserEyess,unaffiliated/lasereyess,anon,orwell.freenode.net
vexare,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ezydqnqwgdswefep,Vexare,adams.freenode.net
azaki,unaffiliated/azaki,welcome to the next level,sinisalo.freenode.net
onnex,mustatilhi.cs.tut.fi,Onni Hytonen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
moufl,unaffiliated/-5moufl/x-2822395,5moufl,barjavel.freenode.net
UukGoblin,unaffiliated/uukgoblin,someone,asimov.freenode.net
xace,unaffiliated/xace,Unknown,niven.freenode.net
heeho1,72-188-30-95.res.bhn.net,realname,leguin.freenode.net
der_richter,p5787C178.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Akemi,orwell.freenode.net
JEEB,unaffiliated/jeeb,Jan E,wolfe.freenode.net
RikuKawai,hatsune.thisis.moe,RikuKawai,weber.freenode.net
PDogJr,unaffiliated/purpledog,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
felixjet,96.red-79-152-236.dynamicip.rima-tde.net,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
ploop,unaffiliated/ruukasu,ploop,barjavel.freenode.net
moser,14.146.32.156,...,hitchcock.freenode.net
linkmauve1,dns.linkmauve.fr,linkmauve1,hitchcock.freenode.net
wolph,mail.hyperion-project.org,wolph,weber.freenode.net
sL1pKn07,unaffiliated/sl1pkn07,sL1pK07,wolfe.freenode.net
lachs0r,unaffiliated/luck3r,Martin Herkt,wilhelm.freenode.net
friedrich,aextron.de,friedrich,sinisalo.freenode.net
c_14,unaffiliated/c-14/x-8913907,Radiocarbon,barjavel.freenode.net
poisonby,unaffiliated/poisonby,poisonby,wolfe.freenode.net
PharaohAnubis,23.95.10.65,PharaohAnubis,weber.freenode.net
lavalike,151.60.177.150,lavalike,karatkievich.freenode.net
Lense,lense.su,Gravitational,wolfe.freenode.net
twink0r,cygni.twink0r.net,twink0r,karatkievich.freenode.net
BurnZeZ,feline.systems,BurnZeZ,hitchcock.freenode.net
vBm,unaffiliated/vbm,vBm aka omiZ,tepper.freenode.net
timofonic1,29.159.217.87.dynamic.jazztel.es,timofonic,orwell.freenode.net
limbo_,golden.god.jp,DB Cooper,asimov.freenode.net
Et0h,ns347824.ip-91-121-132.eu,Hote,karatkievich.freenode.net
fosco,freenode/sponsor/pdpc.28for7.fosco,Nicolas Trecourt,hitchcock.freenode.net
uau,dsl-hkibrasgw1-58c08f-126.dhcp.inet.fi,uau,adams.freenode.net
tm512,static-50-53-134-76.bvtn.or.frontiernet.net,tm512,karatkievich.freenode.net
TheXzoron,97-91-197-169.dhcp.stls.mo.charter.com,TheXzoron,asimov.freenode.net
Tenhi,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,Kauan,sinisalo.freenode.net
erdic,unaffiliated/motley,erdic,wilhelm.freenode.net
Mossepo,dsl-espbrasgw1-54fa72-189.dhcp.inet.fi,Mossepo,sinisalo.freenode.net
Maple__,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-ioblmscvmhvastkl,Maple,wolfe.freenode.net
ynyounuo,unaffiliated/ynyounuo,​,niven.freenode.net
Hakkin,192.73.237.200,Hakkin,adams.freenode.net
Yomi,basilisk.exovenom.net,yomi,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sides,dev.sides.tv,sides,weber.freenode.net
gacekjk,unaffiliated/jkuchars,gacekjk,karatkievich.freenode.net
tchebb,pool-108-20-213-147.bstnma.fios.verizon.net,Thomas Hebb,wilhelm.freenode.net
xn0r,xserv.compress.to,xnor,karatkievich.freenode.net
devster31,2001:41d0:1:a3af::1,devsterknight,wolfe.freenode.net
jushi,jushi.fi,no,wilhelm.freenode.net
ossifrage,unaffiliated/ossifrage,Squeamish Ossifrage,adams.freenode.net
AstralStorm,unaffiliated/astralstorm,Radoslaw Szkodzinski,karatkievich.freenode.net
Nik05,unaffiliated/nik05,Nik05,kornbluth.freenode.net
jon_y,2001:e68:4074:46ff:e01f:8e6d:cdca:d0e5,enforcer,karatkievich.freenode.net
LukeL,unaffiliated/lukel,Luke,wolfe.freenode.net
Nothing4You,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
demi`,198.199.65.215,Alysson Souza e Silva,weber.freenode.net
benoliver999,198.50.245.34,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
thebombzen,c-71-227-116-4.hsd1.mi.comcast.net,1Leo Izen,barjavel.freenode.net
Nothing4You_,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
Coacher,unaffiliated/coacher,Coacher,verne.freenode.net
CoffeeFlux,unaffiliated/coffeeflux,Ryan,karatkievich.freenode.net
Floens,unaffiliated/floens,Floens,card.freenode.net
appas,178.62.234.243,Matias Wilkman,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nep,c-24-91-97-183.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,nep,adams.freenode.net
SolarAquarion,the.feds.nullrouted.us,Mechanical Angel Aquarion,karatkievich.freenode.net
SirCmpwn,irc.sircmpwn.com,Drew DeVault,adams.freenode.net
Diroto,77.119.128.51.wireless.dyn.drei.com,Diroto,verne.freenode.net
oxc,mia.san.echte.bayern,Bender Bending Rodriguez,rajaniemi.freenode.net
DANtheBEASTman,bananabo.xyz,DanielFGray,wolfe.freenode.net
CounterPillow,unaffiliated/counterpillow,C. Ounter Pillow,niven.freenode.net
pozzoni,2604:180::5a69:7f32,pozzoni,wilhelm.freenode.net
TheRyuu,unaffiliated/theryuu,TheRyuu,card.freenode.net
pigoz,ns379744.ip-5-196-70.eu,pigoz,orwell.freenode.net
henry0312,animeo.jp,henry0312,asimov.freenode.net
hansolo,2a01:4f8:c17:3703::2,Hans Ole Hatzel,niven.freenode.net
Cloudef,dsl-jklbrasgw1-54fb10-2.dhcp.inet.fi,Cloudef,card.freenode.net
Muzer,cpc96772-rdng27-2-0-cust294.15-3.cable.virginm.net,Murray Colpman,kornbluth.freenode.net
sohum,pdpc/supporter/active/sohum,Sohum Banerjea,niven.freenode.net
trn,prone.ws,Jeff Johnson,asimov.freenode.net
Unity,unaffiliated/unity,Mitsuki Hayase,niven.freenode.net
Flat,kawaii.imo.uto.moe,Flat,adams.freenode.net
josko,unaffiliated/josko,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mixi,exherbo/developer/mixi,mixi,card.freenode.net
tbo,unaffiliated/tbo,tbo,tepper.freenode.net
FichteFoll,unaffiliated/fichtefoll,FichteFoll,adams.freenode.net
doskoi,78.240.12.16,doskoi,wolfe.freenode.net
ChrisK3,sv4.wakku.to,ChrisK,barjavel.freenode.net
ugjka,ugjka.net,UgisG,card.freenode.net
relaxed,unaffiliated/relaxed,relaxed,verne.freenode.net
dcu,HSI-KBW-095-208-122-077.hsi5.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de,dcu,asimov.freenode.net
shirepirate,c-24-128-169-204.hsd1.mi.comcast.net,shirepirate,sinisalo.freenode.net
Janko,unaffiliated/janko,Jan,wilhelm.freenode.net
rellla,lvps91-250-97-192.dedicated.hosteurope.de,Andreas Baierl,barjavel.freenode.net
sh4rm4^bnc,deadlytowers.org,sh4rm4,adams.freenode.net
Cork,firefox/community/cork,Cork,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Grotesque,unaffiliated/grotesque,name,barjavel.freenode.net
orbea,unaffiliated/orbea,orbea,asimov.freenode.net
rr-,unaffiliated/rr-,rr-,weber.freenode.net
nullz0r,fyodor.krmz.ovh,null,card.freenode.net
jha_,mannerheim.cs.hut.fi,Juha Aatrokoski,asimov.freenode.net
lapyo,uunikurkku.com,lapio,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kmicu,176.56.237.191,kmicu,wilhelm.freenode.net
OmegaPhil,fsf/member/OmegaPhil,4,8Omega Weapon,card.freenode.net
Zehkul,p5498169C.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Zehkul,hitchcock.freenode.net
trfl,62-210-82-123.rev.poneytelecom.eu,ed,orwell.freenode.net
llyyr,98.ip-37-187-238.eu,llyyr,niven.freenode.net
AiShield,2604:a880:cad:d0::14:1,Artificial Intelligence Shielding,sinisalo.freenode.net
dl2s4,humble.cf,dsl4,verne.freenode.net
johnny56,unaffiliated/johnny56,johnny56,sinisalo.freenode.net
Guest39518,199.127.226.246,metric,wolfe.freenode.net
sbraz,unaffiliated/drwx,Louis Sautier,barjavel.freenode.net
ChalamiuS,unaffiliated/chalamius,ChalamiuS,niven.freenode.net
ExeciN,bnc.stormbit.net,nicexe,weber.freenode.net
Mullet,xd.informatik.uni-erlangen.de,Mullet,rajaniemi.freenode.net
verterok,156.35.213.162.lcy-02.canonistack.canonical.com,Guillermo Gonzalez,karatkievich.freenode.net
sayakb,gateway/shell/kde/x-ixaenrzgpudeacdy,Sayak Banerjee,adams.freenode.net
hito_jp,ubuntu/member/hito-jp,Fumihito YOSHIDA(hito@ubuntu.com),wilhelm.freenode.net
siel,unaffiliated/motley,siel,karatkievich.freenode.net
miken,canonical/launchpad/noodles775,Michael,orwell.freenode.net
pjdc,unaffiliated/pjdc,Paul Collins,wolfe.freenode.net
JanC,lugwv/member/JanC,Jan Claeys,wilhelm.freenode.net
mthaddon,nutcracker.vm.bytemark.co.uk,Tom Haddon,sinisalo.freenode.net
ralsina,192.241.197.159,Roberto Alsina,niven.freenode.net
mmcc`,11.35.213.162.lcy-02.canonistack.canonical.com,Michael McCracken,rajaniemi.freenode.net
daker,ubuntu/member/daker,Adnane,weber.freenode.net
davmor2,cpc88265-wolv19-2-0-cust989.16-1.cable.virginm.net,Dave Morley,verne.freenode.net
ubuntulog,ubuntu/bot/ubuntulog,log bot:: contact rt@ubuntu.com,adams.freenode.net
ubot5`,ubuntu/bot/ubot5,Ubuntu IRC Bot,karatkievich.freenode.net
higgins,68.ip-149-56-14.net,higgins,adams.freenode.net
dr__house|away,unaffiliated/drhouse/x-385045,Santosh G Vattam,weber.freenode.net
ksinny,kde/sinnykumari,Sinny Kumari,wilhelm.freenode.net
Shaan7,kde/shantanu,Shantanu Tushar,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
offus,2a04:1980:3100:1aab:290:faff:fe70:a60a,nope,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Kaltern,gateway/web/freenode/ip.81.157.159.132,81.157.159.132 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
toxickiwi,125-236-163-127.jetstream.xtra.co.nz,toxickiwi,adams.freenode.net
Lapoon,185.21.217.5,Lapoon,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tigerishka,gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.75.194.32,nlwhalegbit002.xirvik.com/94.75.194.32,herbert.freenode.net
SgtMuffin,2604:180:2:93c::8a45,Dan,wilhelm.freenode.net
reydempto,217.103.15.42,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
bobblepic,research.ellapix.com,me,orwell.freenode.net
caitsith2,64.114.24.61,MyNetConnection!SucksAss@At.Least.Three.Times.A.Da,adams.freenode.net
Velzerat,116.191-66-87.adsl-dyn.isp.belgacom.be,realname,tepper.freenode.net
Devin_,ip68-101-78-164.ga.at.cox.net,Devin,weber.freenode.net
sdrfgg,CPEf0f2490cf1e3-CMf0f2490cf1e0.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,...,leguin.freenode.net
Phantasia_,176.213.108.93.rev.vodafone.pt,realname,asimov.freenode.net
Yoda,unaffiliated/yoda,Yoda,niven.freenode.net
[Day],2a04:1980:3100:1aab:290:faff:fe70:a2d8,[Day],wolfe.freenode.net
F00D,176.56.238.125,Hi There,verne.freenode.net
komrade,ec2-184-72-202-54.compute-1.amazonaws.com,komrade,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Bilbo,gateway/web/freenode/ip.81.110.3.33,81.110.3.33 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
lobstah,192.3.134.168,lobstah,verne.freenode.net
shamil11,76.115.217.158,...,tepper.freenode.net
DisplayError,185.21.216.145,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
RandomRab,209.141.45.45,RandomRab,weber.freenode.net
mundus2018,ec2-54-196-58-236.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Oops,weber.freenode.net
MrGeneral,unaffiliated/mrgeneral,MrGeneral,wolfe.freenode.net
steveamuse,gateway/web/freenode/ip.110.175.35.8,110-175-35-8.static.tpgi.com.au/110.175.35.8,herbert.freenode.net
hovr,unaffiliated/randomio,nobody,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zerox10C,cpc101906-enfi22-2-0-cust703.20-2.cable.virginm.net,zerox10C,weber.freenode.net
okand,185.21.216.130,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
lwb,2a00:16b0:242:ffff::a,lwb - AS16089,sinisalo.freenode.net
z0p,204.44.116.70,z0p,weber.freenode.net
squirrels,185.21.217.46,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
Bl_cat,88.81.141.17,Studio,leguin.freenode.net
see1thaazi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-afnxfilkecibcgcz,see1thaazi,rajaniemi.freenode.net
themirror,109.201.133.74,Firstname Lastname, M.D.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
azack,gateway/web/freenode/ip.98.194.118.123,98.194.118.123 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
lookingforward,24.61.187.222,PA,orwell.freenode.net
SavageCore,2a04:1980:3100:1aab:290:faff:fe70:a1e4,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
jexi0,163.172.60.64,jjhill,hitchcock.freenode.net
Dev|Factorio,gateway/web/freenode/ip.176.11.41.84,84-41-11.connect.netcom.no/176.11.41.84,herbert.freenode.net
DaCeige,data.daceige.com,DaCeige,tepper.freenode.net
Incurza,is.stealing.music.right.n0w.info,Incurza,wolfe.freenode.net
NickUK,gateway/web/freenode/ip.87.224.125.222,87.224.125.222 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
ABK,51.174.164.106,bluabk,barjavel.freenode.net
Kazzy,kurtmclester.com,kaz,karatkievich.freenode.net
kkrdoze,185.21.217.5,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
whahappens,gateway/web/freenode/ip.24.150.155.95,d24-150-155-95.home.cgocable.net/24.150.155.95,herbert.freenode.net
M3ta,unaffiliated/m3ta,M3ta,karatkievich.freenode.net
fiberbaby,185.21.217.48,fiberbaby,kornbluth.freenode.net
liriel,185.21.217.6,liriel,tepper.freenode.net
hartie,host-98-127-126-120.gdj-co.client.bresnan.net,realname,tepper.freenode.net
gentsock,cpe-66-68-45-75.austin.res.rr.com,realname,card.freenode.net
bukka,5.80.5.143,mark,wilhelm.freenode.net
TheSpider,85.159.233.181,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
whynix,192.210.241.147,root,wilhelm.freenode.net
novamob,67.189.23.167,realname,weber.freenode.net
jrwfer,gateway/web/freenode/ip.185.21.217.56,185.21.217.56 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Psuds,gateway/web/freenode/ip.142.161.54.66,142.161.54.66 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Xamy,212.224.123.171,Xamy,weber.freenode.net
g4rden,147.ip-158-69-194.net,g4rden,orwell.freenode.net
Snx6,2a04:1980:3100:1aac:e61d:2dff:fe29:f221,♪～ (￣。￣ ),rajaniemi.freenode.net
freg,198-84-255-124.cpe.teksavvy.com,cinq_sens,rajaniemi.freenode.net
btp,185.21.216.218,Unknown,niven.freenode.net
OneOfAKind,cblmdm72-241-19-141.buckeyecom.net,...,sinisalo.freenode.net
sonicreducer,185.21.216.155,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
wizzy__,46.166.187.82,wizzy,verne.freenode.net
Neal,5ED6EE0D.cm-7-7d.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Neal,wolfe.freenode.net
whisperingwindso,gateway/web/freenode/ip.71.68.131.244,71.68.131.244 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
rabidfurball,gateway/web/freenode/ip.23.249.32.72,23.249.32.72 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
toastpaint,2a04:1980:3100:1aac:e61d:2dff:feb1:4911,toastpaint,sinisalo.freenode.net
kk6t,gateway/web/freenode/ip.198.8.80.163,198.8.80.163 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
kaoboy53,gateway/web/freenode/ip.45.55.232.42,45.55.232.42 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Guest29007,50.35.64.32,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
kylix,gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.227.30.21,sgc91-2-82-227-30-21.fbx.proxad.net/82.227.30.21,herbert.freenode.net
alienelite,2a04:1980:3100:1aac:290:faff:fe70:a330,alienelite,wilhelm.freenode.net
Hecz,unaffiliated/hecz,Hecz,hitchcock.freenode.net
lionym,gateway/web/freenode/ip.110.23.175.68,110.23.175.68 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
raytiizz,gateway/web/freenode/ip.98.141.74.14,static-98-141-74-14.dsl.cavtel.net/98.141.74.14,herbert.freenode.net
suck,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uqimnxrnqyclozmx,worz,sinisalo.freenode.net
Seeder99,modemcable002.28-176-173.mc.videotron.ca,realname,orwell.freenode.net
Scarano,2001:bc8:3726::,Nick,wolfe.freenode.net
bobbyblack,2a04:1980:3100:1aac:290:faff:fe70:a158,Robert Blackman,rajaniemi.freenode.net
red-001,unaffiliated/red-001,red,karatkievich.freenode.net
rewozz,unaffiliated/rewozz,rewozz,sinisalo.freenode.net
Flaxseed,static.234.192.46.78.clients.your-server.de,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
Guest27130,c213-89-67-227.bredband.comhem.se,realname,niven.freenode.net
mkd,78-17-246.adsl.cyta.gr,mkd,wilhelm.freenode.net
niftyhamster,gateway/web/freenode/ip.91.65.103.62,91.65.103.62 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
derylled,gateway/web/freenode/ip.50.140.145.103,50.140.145.103 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Shadowi,85-76-101-6-nat.elisa-mobile.fi,...,barjavel.freenode.net
Snaker,2001:41d0:a:65f::1,Snaker,wilhelm.freenode.net
intrepidus,185.21.216.196,intrepidus,tepper.freenode.net
MeltedLux,bifrost.melted.me,Lux,leguin.freenode.net
phenam79,gateway/web/freenode/ip.121.211.137.113,121.211.137.113 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
oqnet_,185.21.216.160,Unknown,card.freenode.net
bobby`,c-73-230-125-149.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,bobby brown,wilhelm.freenode.net
jduggan,s.tankengine.org.uk,jduggan AS200623,barjavel.freenode.net
nicissimo97,gateway/web/freenode/ip.95.232.152.102,95.232.152.102 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Micmac,5.80.211.247,Micmacs,niven.freenode.net
x10,escaped.it,x10,weber.freenode.net
BobbyFresh,gateway/web/freenode/ip.136.57.4.95,136.57.4.95 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
ozymandias_,libre.theyareafter.us,ozy mandias,asimov.freenode.net
ephermal12__,gateway/web/freenode/ip.134.134.139.76,134.134.139.76 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
fenopie,71-10-95-208.dhcp.roch.mn.charter.com,realname,adams.freenode.net
rg1,185.21.217.21,...,adams.freenode.net
GreenObsession,unaffiliated/tar-xvf,GreenObsession,niven.freenode.net
poxifide,botters/deathspawn,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
cheeky1,mindy.westpoint.ltd.uk,purple,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jp0ll,gateway/web/freenode/ip.104.156.228.158,104.156.228.158 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
userdocs,gateway/web/freenode/ip.45.32.238.86,45.32.238.86 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
XMF_,ip68-2-232-36.ph.ph.cox.net,realname,card.freenode.net
chaterbug,gateway/web/freenode/ip.99.224.198.34,99.224.198.34 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
rk324,2a02:1203:ecb5:8a70:c11f:f6fb:5455:29d7,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Guest22237,gateway/web/freenode/ip.220.237.111.239,220.237.111.239 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
zenvangelis,2a04:1980:3100:1aac:290:faff:fe70:a51c,zenvangelis,adams.freenode.net
xtenbombx,host-92-7-225-93.as43234.net,realname,verne.freenode.net
nnnnn,gateway/web/freenode/ip.185.21.216.157,185.21.216.157 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Rotab,2001:2002:4e47:9822:589b:69de:5531:b9db,Rotab,leguin.freenode.net
danmed,86.188.250.225,realname,weber.freenode.net
sad_panda^,2001:41d0:a:f2b5::1,Sad Panda,adams.freenode.net
Roberhat,gateway/web/freenode/ip.76.201.49.224,76.201.49.224 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Taz17,185.21.216.188,Taz,weber.freenode.net
Seraph,91.145.6.248,...,verne.freenode.net
jnvc,gateway/web/freenode/ip.185.21.217.51,185.21.217.51 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Nipqer|away,unaffiliated/nipqer,Ced,wilhelm.freenode.net
Steg,2a04:1980:3100:1aab:290:faff:fe70:a154,Adam Barker,adams.freenode.net
liamsmith,unaffiliated/liamsmith,Liam Smith,orwell.freenode.net
pokes_,2601:41:4000:420d:c5c9:dda7:fc74:70b7,pokes,wolfe.freenode.net
azcobain,128.199.243.157,azcobain,roddenberry.freenode.net
Fawsum,185.21.217.16,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
geekanerd,75.175.227.249,Micheal,adams.freenode.net
eexeen,80.252.153.62,1,11Jack is back!,sinisalo.freenode.net
Zok_AFK,LFbn-1-1630-190.w90-65.abo.wanadoo.fr,...,sinisalo.freenode.net
whaletechno,unaffiliated/whaletechno,Ronnie,adams.freenode.net
Phixit,unaffiliated/phixit,Phixit,wilhelm.freenode.net
garretts,unaffiliated/garretts,spectralsun,hitchcock.freenode.net
JammerJ,ip68-225-174-35.om.om.cox.net,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
c00k13,151.80.133.102,mgrytbak,orwell.freenode.net
philly,gateway/web/freenode/ip.86.40.24.52,86.40.24.52 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
policyquest,2a04:1980:3100:1aac:290:faff:fe70:a158,policyquest,adams.freenode.net
omnigoat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-omaoeoqzudzmmyst,maaaaaaaah,leguin.freenode.net
ozybot2,2607:5300:60:814::1,ozymandias's bot,wolfe.freenode.net
chdst,redhat/smyers,Sean Myers,wilhelm.freenode.net
Wakko_,tettie.bitey.net,Wakko Ellington Warner-Warner III,leguin.freenode.net
ptm,185.21.216.192,Unknown,niven.freenode.net
zeroth,185.21.216.187,zeroth,card.freenode.net
xcuz,gateway/web/freenode/ip.185.21.217.56,185.21.217.56 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Huck777,unaffiliated/huck777,Huck777,wilhelm.freenode.net
keoma1,185.21.216.155,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
MrHands,unaffiliated/mrhands,hans,niven.freenode.net
pythagoras_,2001:19f0:7402:95:5400:ff:fe2f:6b8,pythagoras,niven.freenode.net
yuicat,174.136.108.82,https://yui.cat/,adams.freenode.net
Phoenix3395,cpc95612-seac27-2-0-cust8.7-2.cable.virginm.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
neorunner,ip68-100-249-72.dc.dc.cox.net,realname,tepper.freenode.net
slowrotation,2601:245:0:9d9e:c468:905e:2d90:b5dc,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
thedoh,cpe-158-222-166-250.nyc.res.rr.com,thedoh,niven.freenode.net
uberadminer,2a04:1980:3100:1aab:e61d:2dff:fe29:fc00,uber,leguin.freenode.net
baconfate,163.172.139.101,yourfate,hitchcock.freenode.net
dimethylsulfide,62.212.77.179,dimethylsulfide,asimov.freenode.net
woofer,gateway/web/freenode/ip.81.231.253.197,81-231-253-197-no53.tbcn.telia.com/81.231.253.197,herbert.freenode.net
bootski,S0106f0f249e34513.ed.shawcable.net,Johnny Russo,card.freenode.net
mooooo101,p4FD97059.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,...,wolfe.freenode.net
plies,75.112.133.131,KVIrc 4.9.2 Aria http://kvirc.net/,leguin.freenode.net
Daved40,gateway/web/freenode/ip.216.211.249.132,216.211.249.132 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Zammo,host109-145-227-132.range109-145.btcentralplus.com,Zammo,barjavel.freenode.net
Kamelian,gateway/web/freenode/ip.185.21.217.54,185.21.217.54 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
bathtime,220-253-160-130.dyn.iinet.net.au,...,leguin.freenode.net
Moral_,159.203.223.106,zerodays,weber.freenode.net
blazedbud,cpc81195-farn9-2-0-cust199.6-2.cable.virginm.net,blazed,barjavel.freenode.net
zappy,helios.whatbox.ca,zappy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
trac,pool-96-245-52-24.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,John Reid,leguin.freenode.net
Znuqqie,gateway/web/freenode/ip.78.156.124.65,78.156.124.65 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
prooi,gateway/web/freenode/ip.5.103.128.198,static-5-103-128-198.seas-nve.net/5.103.128.198,herbert.freenode.net
f99z,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fbgfrfwxjtmnrluz,f99z,wilhelm.freenode.net
FSI,gateway/web/freenode/ip.71.83.129.38,71-83-129-38.dhcp.ccmn.ca.charter.com/71.83.129.38,herbert.freenode.net
stmiller,stmiller.org,stmiller,wolfe.freenode.net
nonamethanks,185.21.216.191,Dostedt,sinisalo.freenode.net
LaserEyess,unaffiliated/lasereyess,anon,orwell.freenode.net
owzo,gateway/web/freenode/ip.67.167.134.21,c-67-167-134-21.hsd1.mi.comcast.net/67.167.134.21,herbert.freenode.net
KexyBiscuit,103.192.224.22,Kexy Biscuit,barjavel.freenode.net
alex_j,gateway/web/freenode/ip.98.121.184.118,cpe-98-121-184-118.ec.res.rr.com/98.121.184.118,herbert.freenode.net
SFGus_,pha75-2-81-57-186-183.fbx.proxad.net,SFGus,orwell.freenode.net
potato40,162.243.86.232,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
NativeSoulja,206.144.98.206,Nativehomie,card.freenode.net
jimbo_,gateway/web/freenode/ip.100.34.216.179,100.34.216.179 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
lift,2a04:1980:3100:1aab:e61d:2dff:fe29:f1e1,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
torexitdick123,84.203.23.140,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
Havok,unaffiliated/havokoc,havok,rajaniemi.freenode.net
EliAsm-vp,195.110.58.118,root,card.freenode.net
Br4d,124-170-233-142.dyn.iinet.net.au,...,weber.freenode.net
Zangief,107-203-12-155.lightspeed.milwwi.sbcglobal.net,...,wolfe.freenode.net
artgoeshere,104.236.10.154,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
zleiner,185.21.216.158,zleiner,adams.freenode.net
xelra,unaffiliated/xelra,Xel'Ra,adams.freenode.net
DarkCat,cpe-76-181-97-189.insight.res.rr.com,The Chat Cool People Use,wilhelm.freenode.net
dunk64_,cpc71661-burn8-2-0-cust49.10-1.cable.virginm.net,The Chat cool people use,asimov.freenode.net
jawaulk,gateway/web/freenode/ip.74.5.23.214,oh-74-5-23-214.dhcp.embarqhsd.net/74.5.23.214,herbert.freenode.net
smiba,woof.tech,Not Smiba,asimov.freenode.net
aztechrome,ip184-187-186-198.sb.sd.cox.net,RSW,sinisalo.freenode.net
hansolo77,185.21.217.49,Aaron,orwell.freenode.net
xfz,185.21.216.145,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
psyko_,2a04:1980:3100:1aac:e61d:2dff:fe4c:ac1,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
BoogyBear,gateway/web/freenode/ip.80.229.37.18,prestonhall.plus.com/80.229.37.18,herbert.freenode.net
rvolosatovs,95.85.19.233,weechat,adams.freenode.net
Amigant,unaffiliated/amigant,Amigant,sinisalo.freenode.net
The1AndOnlyNubs,2600:8807:8500:480:70c2:fe15:aaf8:f73b,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
sdollins,2600:3c00:e000:7f::2,sdollins,karatkievich.freenode.net
Lacriatch,ns510295.ip-198-27-69.net,Lacriatch,sinisalo.freenode.net
pinc,104.131.81.46,pinc,adams.freenode.net
MPenguin,185.21.217.78,Got ZNC?,roddenberry.freenode.net
cyclo,gateway/web/freenode/ip.144.76.27.45,144.76.27.45 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Shadow11001,76.9.175.77,realname,leguin.freenode.net
el_jefe,gateway/web/freenode/ip.67.61.143.58,67-61-143-58.cpe.cableone.net/67.61.143.58,herbert.freenode.net
SystemCP,modemcable209.190-161-184.mc.videotron.ca,realname,tepper.freenode.net
marky,unaffiliated/rbx,marky,wolfe.freenode.net
abunai`,185.21.217.21,O))),rajaniemi.freenode.net
lucoia,185.21.216.195,asd,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pluvieuxx,unaffiliated/pluvieuxx,pluvieuxx,niven.freenode.net
Koyaanis,h2537215.stratoserver.net,Koyaanis,sinisalo.freenode.net
wallen,2a04:1980:3100:1aac:e61d:2dff:feb1:7871,wallen,wolfe.freenode.net
dolf,gateway/web/freenode/ip.41.169.134.19,41.169.134.19 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Supremacy2k,62.61.131.179,supre,tepper.freenode.net
nthrow,unaffiliated/nthrow,nthrow,leguin.freenode.net
emlex932,198.251.84.253,EmleX932,niven.freenode.net
landocalrissian,cpc106152-gate11-2-0-cust366.16-2.cable.virginm.net,realname,tepper.freenode.net
benny_,gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.32.37.225,beary.CS.Berkeley.EDU/128.32.37.225,herbert.freenode.net
Cheez-It,singularity.rsunleashed.com,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
smacz,d118-75-192-161.try.wideopenwest.com,smacz,asimov.freenode.net
jjaomni,2605:a601:9c7:ac00:61c1:522d:b84f:a364,Elwë Minyatur,karatkievich.freenode.net
Mikewic,gateway/web/freenode/ip.188.166.70.138,do-ex-nl-7.northghost.com/188.166.70.138,herbert.freenode.net
e4xit,cpc1-cmbg20-2-0-cust188.5-4.cable.virginm.net,bill,wilhelm.freenode.net
blimey,gateway/web/freenode/ip.86.185.66.3,86.185.66.3 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
InfraD3AD,50-245-31-50-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,realname,orwell.freenode.net
annieslmaos,2a04:1980:3100:1aac:e61d:2dff:feb1:48c1,annie,wilhelm.freenode.net
chris557,gateway/web/freenode/ip.120.147.235.220,120.147.235.220 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
DonSnow,CPEb4750e684798-CM84948c49e1a0.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
emptora,gateway/web/freenode/ip.69.174.171.32,69.174.171.32 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
isaactolstoi,gateway/web/freenode/ip.46.5.2.68,46.5.2.68 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
notabot13,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.213.253.11.69,notabot13,asimov.freenode.net
sifb_,gateway/web/freenode/ip.185.21.217.61,185.21.217.61 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
tardybaker,unaffiliated/tardybaker,tardybaker,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hoxu[thor],unaffiliated/hoxu,hoxu,adams.freenode.net
early90spants,irc.elcheapo.tv,daniel,karatkievich.freenode.net
rtesdv34,209.95.50.127,Somewhere i belong,rajaniemi.freenode.net
esquinazo,gateway/web/freenode/ip.73.65.167.191,c-73-65-167-191.hsd1.ut.comcast.net/73.65.167.191,herbert.freenode.net
Guest59255,gateway/web/freenode/ip.174.100.210.39,cpe-174-100-210-39.neo.res.rr.com/174.100.210.39,herbert.freenode.net
gdemon,srv1.ormen.be,ghoul,sinisalo.freenode.net
LaZx,85.17.64.3,lazx,barjavel.freenode.net
Maisie,185.21.217.49,Kaori,adams.freenode.net
Harvey``,185.21.217.13,Harvey,hitchcock.freenode.net
Beardfish,185.21.216.138,Beardfish,barjavel.freenode.net
Mousebot,gateway/web/freenode/ip.185.21.217.80,185.21.217.80 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
shnee,184-88-64-115.res.bhn.net,shnee,tepper.freenode.net
notthegrinch,ks397050.ip-192-95-27.net,##feral (not #feral),verne.freenode.net
kevanf,gateway/web/freenode/ip.45.2.55.194,45.2.55.194 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
oldskirt,unaffiliated/frodenius,Friedemann,asimov.freenode.net
jay_wild,statistically.srs.business,The hacker known as root,hitchcock.freenode.net
xylek,185.21.216.134,xylek,wolfe.freenode.net
alemani,li283-108.members.linode.com,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
saitoh183,gateway/web/freenode/ip.66.130.189.101,66.130.189.101 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
zari,172.56.26.97,realname,orwell.freenode.net
iml_,187.221.249.42,purple,sinisalo.freenode.net
illusionsss,gateway/web/freenode/ip.38.65.112.254,38.65.112.254 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
bobey6,dialup-208-47-125-33.res.monar.ch,bobey6,asimov.freenode.net
jRiddick,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ybihcmobqywycmkx,jRiddick,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gazz,gateway/web/freenode/ip.81.174.134.63,mail.garypower.com/81.174.134.63,herbert.freenode.net
desu_,162.255.158.18,desu,tepper.freenode.net
Julenisse,gateway/web/freenode/ip.46.9.28.126,126.28.9.46.customer.cdi.no/46.9.28.126,herbert.freenode.net
BigPeat,gateway/web/freenode/ip.71.191.210.181,71.191.210.181 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Git,gateway/web/freenode/ip.176.31.109.32,ks392206.kimsufi.com/176.31.109.32,herbert.freenode.net
RoBz,unaffiliated/robz,RoBz,karatkievich.freenode.net
KeboDK,2a04:1980:3100:1aab:290:faff:fe70:a3dc,KeboDK,adams.freenode.net
VibrationZ,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bevvuduimoirtczj,Bob Marley,adams.freenode.net
serge,gateway/web/freenode/ip.86.158.255.8,86.158.255.8 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
ReimuHakurei,yuki.reimuhakurei.net,Alex Ingram,leguin.freenode.net
DEATH0WL,185.21.217.10,DEATH0WL,orwell.freenode.net
latentimag3,185.21.217.78,latentimag3,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Fyurie,gateway/web/freenode/ip.77.103.220.132,77.103.220.132 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
pamlaoran,31.220.45.161,pamaloran,card.freenode.net
mashman,space.adve.ntures.net,Jason G,karatkievich.freenode.net
losslessbrad,185.21.217.21,brad,card.freenode.net
benderc,185.21.216.140,benderc_bot,hitchcock.freenode.net
nt,cpe-2606-A000-4549-AA00-862B-2BFF-FEBC-32A3.dyn6.twc.com,NTolerance,karatkievich.freenode.net
chickenmoo,gateway/web/freenode/ip.65.31.176.31,cpe-65-31-176-31.wi.res.rr.com/65.31.176.31,herbert.freenode.net
bubs,gateway/web/freenode/ip.71.66.236.246,71.66.236.246 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
OccupyDemonoid,162.243.232.74,Who am I?,wolfe.freenode.net
jalzoo,gateway/web/freenode/ip.80.7.54.239,80.7.54.239 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
virtualvcr,c-50-168-249-252.hsd1.ut.comcast.net,...,leguin.freenode.net
hyakko,unaffiliated/havokoc,Pontus Johansson,orwell.freenode.net
sn0v,pool-108-35-152-229.nwrknj.fios.verizon.net,z,karatkievich.freenode.net
cronususer,gateway/web/freenode/ip.207.114.253.98,207.114.253.98 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Steve____,gateway/web/freenode/ip.193.8.40.126,193.8.40.126 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Guest70,84.117.194.104,Textual User,barjavel.freenode.net
T3RRa,ppp-94-64-185-34.home.otenet.gr,T3D,tepper.freenode.net
Chripher,gateway/web/freenode/ip.185.21.217.49,185.21.217.49 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
morphix,unaffiliated/morphix,morphix,rajaniemi.freenode.net
chungfu,gateway/web/freenode/ip.108.53.224.73,108.53.224.73 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
bmcginty,100.subnet-66-44-204.ellijay.com,bmcginty,wilhelm.freenode.net
embeejay,x1-6-6c-19-8f-c3-50-57.cpe.webspeed.dk,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
tr0gd0r,unaffiliated/tr0gd0r,...,wilhelm.freenode.net
e35m,185.21.216.147,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
JQP,gateway/web/freenode/ip.174.61.226.206,174.61.226.206 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
_Lemon_,185.21.216.160,Joshua,wilhelm.freenode.net
shaakzi,2a04:1980:3100:1aab:e61d:2dff:fe29:fa81,shaakzi,wolfe.freenode.net
realname,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-ajxaewaqauvbkvow,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
hawken,204.37-191-141.fiber.lynet.no,hawken,barjavel.freenode.net
trvz,unaffiliated/trvz,trvz,wilhelm.freenode.net
MrSauzer,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gaxinuxfycogextw,Cromajo,hitchcock.freenode.net
Mx`,94-224-254-183.access.telenet.be,0,niven.freenode.net
islington,gateway/web/freenode/ip.185.21.217.61,185.21.217.61 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
LordDread,104.140.106.183,LordDread,wolfe.freenode.net
Debussy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pdblnrceecnrzqnu,Mike Smith,tepper.freenode.net
Olivier,unaffiliated/olivier,7,1YOU AIN'T MUCH IF YOU AIN'T DUTCH,card.freenode.net
NekkaLucifer,185.52.0.213,NekkaLucifer,barjavel.freenode.net
RazorX,znc.evansosenko.com,RazorX,card.freenode.net
afx237,107.170.10.178,c'mon you cunt, lets have some aphex acid,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
FastJack,b2b-78-94-22-14.unitymedia.biz,Martin Maciaszek,kornbluth.freenode.net
zz_timnovinger,216.70.80.59,Tim Novinger,wolfe.freenode.net
dboskovic,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rcvfsgwpubvvfbfw,David Boskovic,adams.freenode.net
scottalan,173.255.139.143,Scott,card.freenode.net
effe,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-tprosbaracobydhv,E,wilhelm.freenode.net
r3,ntp/member/r3,r3,wilhelm.freenode.net
ege,mail.geiger-online.ch,Erik,rajaniemi.freenode.net
harlan,ntp/pmgr/harlan,Harlan Stenn,adams.freenode.net
Lucifer333,cgn89.mobile.post.lu,realname,orwell.freenode.net
rajul,node-w22.pool-125-24.dynamic.totbb.net,Rajul,verne.freenode.net
Peng_,unaffiliated/peng,Matt Nordhoff,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Peng,unaffiliated/peng,Matt Nordhoff,barjavel.freenode.net
tannoy,psp2.ntp.org,tannoy bot,wilhelm.freenode.net
phk,2-111-145-110-static.dk.customer.tdc.net,Poul-Henning Kamp,sinisalo.freenode.net
jnperlin,pD95190FB.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,juergen perlinger,sinisalo.freenode.net
LeoBodnar,79-76-225-212.dynamic.dsl.as9105.com,Leo Bodnar,leguin.freenode.net
allenZ,irc.atr.me,Allen Zhong,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
mescalito_,unaffiliated/mescal,realname,orwell.freenode.net
Polarkac,2a00:1028:96c6:d0be:ba27:ebff:fe26:50c1,polarkac,karatkievich.freenode.net
tigrik626_rPi,adsl-dyn-30.95-102-103.t-com.sk,Peter,wolfe.freenode.net
tigrik626,adsl-dyn-24.95-102-106.t-com.sk,1Peter,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Korvin,concrete5/79063/Korvin,Korvin,karatkievich.freenode.net
d1str0_,2604:a880:1:20::8bb:1,Brady Sullivan,niven.freenode.net
EC_Joe,concrete5/120119/ExchangeCore,Joe,card.freenode.net
EC_Chris,204.11.61.56,Chris,asimov.freenode.net
Mnkras,concrete5/781/Mnkras,Michael krasnow,adams.freenode.net
Mnkras-Derp,phab.krasnow.me,Michael Krasnow,weber.freenode.net
mr_eh,ool-182c63c9.dyn.optonline.net,...,barjavel.freenode.net
Floach`,bosetsu.org,no,asimov.freenode.net
Floach_,bosetsu.org,Faggot clown powers indeed!,barjavel.freenode.net
maaneeack,159.203.82.138,+maaneeack,karatkievich.freenode.net
mulvane,freebsd/user/mulvane,Mulvane Mo'Suldex,orwell.freenode.net
keebler,unaffiliated/keebler,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
rappo,rappo.me,rappo,asimov.freenode.net
NC-17,foundinthebox.com,=Q),karatkievich.freenode.net
badloop,unaffiliated/fiveiron,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
AcquaCow,pool-100-36-34-39.washdc.fios.verizon.net,purple,card.freenode.net
xcasex,unaffiliated/xcasex,neonbeast,barjavel.freenode.net
Jesterace,bb4win/jesterace,jesterace,wilhelm.freenode.net
commiebob,cpe-76-173-64-217.hawaii.res.rr.com,realname,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
verve,hastur.io,v,card.freenode.net
dawm,d192-24-219-14.try.wideopenwest.com,realname,verne.freenode.net
Parak,cpe-24-193-120-149.nyc.res.rr.com,wut,rajaniemi.freenode.net
steev,gentoo/developer/steev,Steev Klimaszewski,adams.freenode.net
Gargamale,bosetsu.org,gargamale,weber.freenode.net
Flavia,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-wxomurocdbokvjyj,Flavia,wilhelm.freenode.net
Nienna,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-pelrknwdyhotiyjs,Nienna,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tykling,gibfest.dk,tykling,adams.freenode.net
niska`,68.ip-149-56-14.net,niska,tepper.freenode.net
fury__,znc.codexterous.com,fury,wolfe.freenode.net
funnel,unaffiliated/espiral,funnel,hitchcock.freenode.net
rawplayer,mail.myguard.nl,rawplayer,adams.freenode.net
nomad_fr,192.95.25.218,nomad_fr,barjavel.freenode.net
dre^,youbeill.in,Andre LaBranche,wilhelm.freenode.net
Gaxpazo,119.red-83-53-31.dynamicip.rima-tde.net,Bi Za Rro,asimov.freenode.net
cantstanya,unaffiliated/cantstanya,chatting,wolfe.freenode.net
nighty,s229123.ppp.asahi-net.or.jp,nighty,leguin.freenode.net
entelechy,104.238.156.76,entelechy,adams.freenode.net
_quadDamage,108.61.229.148,Emperor Tom,orwell.freenode.net
vovcia,212.83.161.71,vovcia,orwell.freenode.net
lotusbleu,LPuteaux-656-1-228-224.w80-12.abo.wanadoo.fr,Lotusbleu,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ruskie,sourcemage/mage/ruskie,ruskie,adams.freenode.net
dayid,unaffiliated/dayid,dayid,asimov.freenode.net
f0rpaxe,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-segknsqfvvakmbxl,f0rpaxe,leguin.freenode.net
nighty-,www.taiyolabs.com,nighty,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
silverf0x,unaffiliated/silverf0x,a luz falsa que hipnotiza o bobo...,karatkievich.freenode.net
tboston,2001:1608:10:241::2,tboston,adams.freenode.net
tris,72.52.96.202,meat popsicle,niven.freenode.net
carc,unaffiliated/carc,carc,karatkievich.freenode.net
seoul_man,wilug/newlug/seoul-man,meh,niven.freenode.net
Strog,unaffiliated/strog,strog,weber.freenode.net
ImpAbuse,unaffiliated/impabuse,ImpAbuse,asimov.freenode.net
debris`,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-ppprehxmzvjklind,debris,adams.freenode.net
lando`,trinkt.nur.muhkuhsaft.de,Uwe Grohnwaldt,orwell.freenode.net
obcecado,2001:1af8:feff::ff0:bce:cad0,obcecado,wolfe.freenode.net
ohama,cicolina.org,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
gryp,185.19.180.110,Kenny Gryp,card.freenode.net
acro,unaffiliated/acro,Ma Nu,tepper.freenode.net
Midian,unaffiliated/midian,Markus,hitchcock.freenode.net
yrter,unaffiliated/yrter,yrter,asimov.freenode.net
jackmcbarn,wikipedia/jackmcbarn,Jackmcbarn,wolfe.freenode.net
Poster,cpe-65-185-36-98.columbus.res.rr.com,Poster,wilhelm.freenode.net
xxzz,freebsd/contributor/xxzz,realname,zelazny.freenode.net
Kronuz,unaffiliated/kronuz,German M. Bravo,wolfe.freenode.net
mahlon,martini.nu,and it occurred to me, as he drove away; d = r * t,niven.freenode.net
arunpyasi,gateway/shell/hiyabnc/x-momuflepkicnvalj,arunpyasi,barjavel.freenode.net
brimstone,unaffiliated/brimstone,Matt,rajaniemi.freenode.net
stooj,181.198.151.122.dynamic.dsl.dv.iprimus.net.au,Stoo,adams.freenode.net
plugwash,2a02:c7f:ba40:ae00:219:e3ff:fe39:a22e,peter green,niven.freenode.net
Screak42,79.97.146.13,Screak42,orwell.freenode.net
varesa,ec2-52-49-18-111.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Esa Varemo,wolfe.freenode.net
spm_draget,v22016111985840226.bestsrv.de,draget,wolfe.freenode.net
teclo-,unaffiliated/teclo,There is a bustle in my hedgerow,leguin.freenode.net
Robby,chillum.thcgirls.com,Robby,niven.freenode.net
tvaz,172-250-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,Tiago Bortoletto Vaz,adams.freenode.net
VargaD,188-143-108-97.pool.digikabel.hu,Daniel Varga,orwell.freenode.net
skylite_,5402F4F5.dsl.pool.telekom.hu,skylite,adams.freenode.net
knittl,unaffiliated/knittl,knittl,wolfe.freenode.net
tuor,unaffiliated/tuor,Tuor,karatkievich.freenode.net
lek,ip47-223-210-87.adsl2.static.versatel.nl,pi,barjavel.freenode.net
Telvana,168.235.89.87,telvana,hitchcock.freenode.net
nubcake,dslb-188-098-239-213.188.098.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Alex,verne.freenode.net
funky1,ip51cf100e.direct-adsl.nl,funky,barjavel.freenode.net
thalos,tolvan.nu,Thalos,leguin.freenode.net
marmotworks,66-90-214-102.dyn.grandenetworks.net,marmotworks,asimov.freenode.net
nils_2,unaffiliated/nils-2/x-2480262,D’oh,wolfe.freenode.net
Mr-G,2a01:7c8:aab3:587::2,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
ikonia,unaffiliated/ikonia,Matt Darcy,wilhelm.freenode.net
diederik,unaffiliated/diederik,Diederik de Haas,barjavel.freenode.net
azizLIGHT,unaffiliated/azizlight,azizLIGHT,hitchcock.freenode.net
spinningmonkey,gateway/shell/calpolyswift.org/x-raptaofspfmxgnkq,spinningmonkey,wolfe.freenode.net
tuvok,ns1.ph-is.de,tuvok,weber.freenode.net
freanux,unaffiliated/freanux,Philippe Widmer,weber.freenode.net
HerculeP,ip-109-47-3-214.web.vodafone.de,grrr,tepper.freenode.net
jakllsch,netbsd/developer/jakllsch,Jonathan A. Kollasch,hitchcock.freenode.net
bauruine_,213.239.205.247,bauruine,wolfe.freenode.net
Colti,2a00:c1e0:0:2:0:1:208:ab5e,unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
moneylotion,unaffiliated/moneylotion,moneylotion,weber.freenode.net
Uber,bouncer.host,Uber Simple,asimov.freenode.net
Domin,hahah.org,Domin,asimov.freenode.net
ShorTie,unaffiliated/shortie,I.P. Daily,adams.freenode.net
chisight,107-134-176-200.lightspeed.cicril.sbcglobal.net,insight owner,leguin.freenode.net
gordonDrogon,2001:4d48:ad51:8901::2,Gordon Henderson,wilhelm.freenode.net
Dagger,sawako.haruhi.eu,Dagger,wilhelm.freenode.net
Aranel,unaffiliated/aranel,Aranel Surion,karatkievich.freenode.net
mete,91.247.253.160,mete,niven.freenode.net
mikeiniowa,ool-1826eaa1.dyn.optonline.net, Python Bot,tepper.freenode.net
meti,unaffiliated/meti,meti,verne.freenode.net
gmh,hinderaker.com,Glenn M. Hinderaker,karatkievich.freenode.net
lorenzo64,host249-110-dynamic.43-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,Lrenzo Camprini,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ShadowJK,212.7.198.194,jk,card.freenode.net
SwK,freeswitch/developer/swk,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
CurryWurst,2001:1b48:203::1:1000,CurryWurst,karatkievich.freenode.net
r0kc4t,felderundfiguren.de,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
fkm,unaffiliated/fkm,Florian Mäder,leguin.freenode.net
pog,80.74.159.110,pogay,hitchcock.freenode.net
mpmc,unaffiliated/mpmc,Mark C [Bouncer],card.freenode.net
wastholm,c83-250-197-90.bredband.comhem.se,Peter Wastholm,,,,card.freenode.net
thurstylark,unaffiliated/thurstylark,thurstylark,karatkievich.freenode.net
e1z0,netlinux/founder/e1z0,:O,orwell.freenode.net
edge226,unaffiliated/edge226,Edge,karatkievich.freenode.net
swym,2a01:4f8:d16:168b::2,Alex M,wilhelm.freenode.net
Peter`Pan,195-154-222-46.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Peter,adams.freenode.net
Vorpal,unaffiliated/vorpal,Vorpal,barjavel.freenode.net
lemonzest,unaffiliated/lemonzest,Simon Putt,hitchcock.freenode.net
Gr33n3gg,Easton-4-pt.tunnel.tserv14.sea1.ipv6.he.net,easto,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tachaway,yuna.autie.net,FTL,orwell.freenode.net
tru_tru,atsukau.bis.pasteur.fr,Tru,asimov.freenode.net
fyrril,2605:a601:7014:1800:744c:7fc9:503f:5973,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
jcv,zebes.netpurgatory.com,John C. Vernaleo,verne.freenode.net
haudrauf,p200300C35BD43C00873351FB44B97E18.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Got ZNC?,niven.freenode.net
SebastianFlyte,pool-108-48-93-213.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Sebastian Flyte,wolfe.freenode.net
Datalink_,unaffiliated/datalink,Datalink,sinisalo.freenode.net
johskar,h1.skartland.net,Johannes Skartland,leguin.freenode.net
bossjones,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oukwsmirmtxkulty,bossjones,wolfe.freenode.net
webdev007,45.72.246.236,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
Dadou,LFbn-1-4345-61.w92-169.abo.wanadoo.fr,Dadou,leguin.freenode.net
drupol,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qrjxmvkevianzzpe,Pol Dellaiera,adams.freenode.net
lazybear,radium.atom.fi,lazybear,asimov.freenode.net
WinstonSmith,unaffiliated/winstonsmith,Emmanuel Goldstein,wolfe.freenode.net
WadeWatts,unaffiliated/wadewatts,Wade Watts,hitchcock.freenode.net
leio,gentoo/developer/leio,Mart Raudsepp,sinisalo.freenode.net
mbrumlow,pluto.brumtopia.com,Michael Brumlow,wolfe.freenode.net
spinza,196.212.164.26,spin,wilhelm.freenode.net
flipp,unaffiliated/flipp,flipp,weber.freenode.net
babel,2001:41d0:a:25b0::1,Claas Hilbrecht,wolfe.freenode.net
sjefen6,77.222.223.213,Vegard,tepper.freenode.net
henrik_,zak.radionova.no,Henrik Slaaeen,adams.freenode.net
PhotoJim,2605:7200:f0:4222:225:90ff:fec6:7c7d,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
folivora,devnull.drwxr-xr-x.eu,_dr0p_,asimov.freenode.net
peppis,94-137-97-144.customers.ownit.se,Tammie,adams.freenode.net
lolx,109-205-171-92.static.monzoon.net,realname,adams.freenode.net
diytto,de.diytto.com,diytto,asimov.freenode.net
Janhouse,torch.id.lv,Janis,weber.freenode.net
jgornick,li373-224.members.linode.com,Joe Gornick,weber.freenode.net
ghormoon,ghorland.net,Jiri 'Ghormoon' Novak,wilhelm.freenode.net
^Richard,lart.doosh.net,Richard,verne.freenode.net
rdz,2001:620:120:1::12,rdz,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hphuhtin,mxtek.markom.net,Henrik Huhtinen,wilhelm.freenode.net
Gaxpazo,119.red-83-53-31.dynamicip.rima-tde.net,Bi Za Rro,asimov.freenode.net
ngladitz,unaffiliated/ngladitz,Nils Gladitz,kornbluth.freenode.net
frals,Maemo/community/contributor/frals,frals,weber.freenode.net
procyon,a.cutie.taryn.io,procyon,niven.freenode.net
Qatz,2601:187:8400:5::427,DB,karatkievich.freenode.net
omtain,unaffiliated/patrask,omtain,karatkievich.freenode.net
lool,debian/developer/lool,Loic Minier,asimov.freenode.net
rawtaz,rho.hobbyhotellet.se,Leo R. Lundgren,niven.freenode.net
Requit,104.131.156.232,admin,verne.freenode.net
Vulcano,164.90-149-84.nextgentel.com,freenode,sinisalo.freenode.net
XSoul,130.204.194.161,x,orwell.freenode.net
Bribri,unaffiliated/brybry,Brybry,barjavel.freenode.net
bazaar,unaffiliated/bazaar,bazaar,hitchcock.freenode.net
z1mme,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::7:400f,zimme,niven.freenode.net
clemensv,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pdmjajausyxzatrn,Clemens Vasters,karatkievich.freenode.net
matthias-,pooing.pro,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
ux,p20030069AF37E543645919780E7367E7.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,uxio,wilhelm.freenode.net
simonpatapon,patapon.lol,Simon Patapon,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Barre,unaffiliated/barre,Barre,niven.freenode.net
acydlord,2600:8800:3383:c500::1,acydlord,wilhelm.freenode.net
puzzola,unaffiliated/puzzola,puzzola,leguin.freenode.net
TitoN,c83-250-44-242.bredband.comhem.se,I dont know,rajaniemi.freenode.net
uuair_,li857-131.members.linode.com,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
on1x,trader.teamfxp.co,on1x,weber.freenode.net
meinside,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-axuwrtflptkhwizu,Sungjin Han,niven.freenode.net
Marchal,shell.franken.de,cnrenner,card.freenode.net
dumle29,107.161.172.35,candy,barjavel.freenode.net
Fenhl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kwdvrvjmdywelrye,Fenhl,adams.freenode.net
percY-,138.68.7.139,percY,wilhelm.freenode.net
bolt,unaffiliated/bolt,-,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lilwiz,unaffiliated/lilwiz,lilwiz,wolfe.freenode.net
Fjorgynn,178.62.228.204,Gud,karatkievich.freenode.net
lau-,109.71.90.184,"Martin M. Lauridsen",barjavel.freenode.net
shtirlic,ec2-52-28-185-189.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Serg Podtynnyi,barjavel.freenode.net
cyborg-one,185.145.107.89,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
johnnyfive,unaffiliated/isalive,The better version.,wolfe.freenode.net
VoidFox,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-mhlsyjjnprehgrgt,VoidFox,niven.freenode.net
musnik,gateway/shell/devio.us/x-tfoqzvvdomisdout,musnik,barjavel.freenode.net
Tsesarevich,fluxbuntu/founder/joejaxx,Otshelnik,adams.freenode.net
wally_,dfpyyyyh5qlxbjn0-2vnt-3.rev.dnainternet.fi,Jani Välimaa,rajaniemi.freenode.net
obli-AWAY,62.27.85.48,Oblivious One,wilhelm.freenode.net
Niclas-,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vxlirzgyvxvisvoy,Niclas,verne.freenode.net
riddle,us.yunix.net,decadance,karatkievich.freenode.net
pleia2,your.worshipfulness.princessleia.com,Elizabeth K. Joseph,niven.freenode.net
AndrewAlexMac,185.21.218.136,Andrew Macdonald,verne.freenode.net
steelcowboy,2602:30a:2ec0:b880:ba27:ebff:fe36:50f,Jim Heald,leguin.freenode.net
nightfrog,65-35-35-108.res.bhn.net,nightfrog,barjavel.freenode.net
LaunchDirector,unaffiliated/launch-director/x-8216596,pi,adams.freenode.net
Zachary_DuBois,yukimorikawa.zacharydubois.net,Zachary DuBois,barjavel.freenode.net
Darkwell,unaffiliated/phantom-x,Senso Diva,sinisalo.freenode.net
spacedentist,hunson.server.spacedentist.net,Sven Over,adams.freenode.net
BurtyB,knott.8086.net,Chris Burton,wilhelm.freenode.net
supermike_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wpnfpzmcxsahoqrn,Mike D.,tepper.freenode.net
Hobbyboy,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-fqbyrfcjevawlgcx,Andrew,adams.freenode.net
Guest14768,corellian.student.ipv6.utwente.nl,Olivier van der Toorn,wolfe.freenode.net
lexAngeles,ec2-52-90-90-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Lex Angeles,card.freenode.net
rela,pdpc/supporter/active/rela,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
teej,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yiobgwyfpdycrwnq,TJ,adams.freenode.net
laurittr,2001:700:300:1463::209,Laurits Riple,wilhelm.freenode.net
timk,14-202-91-111.static.tpgi.com.au,tim,karatkievich.freenode.net
scoofy,catv-89-135-80-2.catv.broadband.hu,scoofy,verne.freenode.net
ryan`c,znc.rya.nc,ryan,sinisalo.freenode.net
telmnstr,users.757.org,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
kolla,cloudsmurf.kolla.no,Kolbjørn Barmen,asimov.freenode.net
Uninstall,kde/developer/bettio,Davide Bettio,,,,adams.freenode.net
siruf,unaffiliated/motley,siruf,verne.freenode.net
reverse_light,ntszok079247.szok.nt.adsl.ppp.infoweb.ne.jp,reverse_light,niven.freenode.net
gardar,bnc.giraffi.net,gardar,card.freenode.net
ritek,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qavwuhxaxjlmuvdh,d,wilhelm.freenode.net
sjk,unaffiliated/sjk,sjk,niven.freenode.net
wildc4rd,host86-155-33-10.range86-155.btcentralplus.com,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
twolife,loki.twolife.be,plop,karatkievich.freenode.net
laurent\,unaffiliated/laurent/x-4048133,none,sinisalo.freenode.net
iKarith,50-246-250-73-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,iKarith,karatkievich.freenode.net
LaserAllan_,campnorthernlight.com,Got ZNC?,verne.freenode.net
niska`,68.ip-149-56-14.net,niska,tepper.freenode.net
SleePy,simplemachines/siteteam/SleePy,SleePy,niven.freenode.net
Axy,unaffiliated/mia,0,card.freenode.net
xtort-,fuck.dumbfucks.org,xtort-,card.freenode.net
gadget,64.137.181.216,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
p0ly3d3r,server.schreibt-dir.de,p0ly3d3r,wilhelm.freenode.net
shiftplusone,unaffiliated/shiftplusone,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
mB-PiBox,bouncer.host,mB-PiBox,card.freenode.net
jksM,b29b9779.rev.stofanet.dk,Jens Kristian Søgaard,leguin.freenode.net
commandoline,ubuntu/member/commandoline,Marten de Vries,card.freenode.net
Enari,shell.minit.nu,Enari,adams.freenode.net
os23,v22016061875235236.happysrv.de,os,niven.freenode.net
superkulak,81.4.102.12,Nick~,card.freenode.net
juhop,107.150.16.138,Juho,barjavel.freenode.net
juul,juul.io,juul,verne.freenode.net
trqx,61.ip-164-132-54.eu,tx,rajaniemi.freenode.net
distantorigin,168.235.91.52,distantorigin,weber.freenode.net
lazy_prince,idp01webcache9-z.apj.hpecore.net,Om Kumar,tepper.freenode.net
osx,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-pgwjhgioqopoayhl,Vanuatu,wilhelm.freenode.net
XpineX,89.239.215.117,realname,card.freenode.net
Draylor,atom.draylor.net,Dray,hitchcock.freenode.net
H4ndy,unaffiliated/h4ndy,H4ndy,sinisalo.freenode.net
GreaseMonkey,unaffiliated/greasemonkey,Legit,wilhelm.freenode.net
CME,ip9234d04d.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,CME,kornbluth.freenode.net
stray77,157-52-6-173.cpe.teksavvy.com,realname,card.freenode.net
blinky42,jabber.blinkylight.net,blinky,leguin.freenode.net
wiiguy,unaffiliated/wiiguy,fake,niven.freenode.net
Zambezi,bnc.from.dotbnc.com,Bouncer from www.hostbay.nu,sinisalo.freenode.net
Awesomecase,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-redeivmnhipglzgx,Cole,adams.freenode.net
hid3,78.157.71.116,ftp.lt.debian.org / Arnoldas,sinisalo.freenode.net
heroux,gateway/shell/insomnia247/x-zxtictulaeupvvxk,heroux,wilhelm.freenode.net
byte,178-17-174-30.static.host,SWIM,leguin.freenode.net
clonak,101.53.196.191,clonak,orwell.freenode.net
debudda,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-scrfcwrzgxagidme,Andrew Budd,wolfe.freenode.net
stealthii,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zqjgytzqozdntmyg,Dan Porter,verne.freenode.net
kapot,host-m84adb.vsg2.zeelandnet.nl,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
MeanEYE,70.35.196.123,Mladen Mijatov,card.freenode.net
Echoz,mail.echoz.rocks,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
Azelphur,znc.azelphur.com,:: www.Azelphur.com ::,niven.freenode.net
unixabg,unable-to-package.org,Richard Nelson <unixabg@gmail.com>,card.freenode.net
ColdKeyboard,bas2-toronto26-184-147-226-210.dsl.bell.ca,ColdKeyboard,barjavel.freenode.net
liviud,pho.ldcore.com,Liviu,niven.freenode.net
giraffe,gateway/shell/firrre/x-priqdhkweggqsqus,skarn,asimov.freenode.net
cnky,suht.kahtlane.info,Kaibo,asimov.freenode.net
bapalm,96-42-248-149.dhcp.roch.mn.charter.com,se_brandon,hitchcock.freenode.net
judd,unaffiliated/themill/bot/judd,Debian bot: http://ircbots.debian.net/judd/,barjavel.freenode.net
eggy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yairhlozomotsuig,eggster,verne.freenode.net
edenist,li280-110.members.linode.com,Edward Nist,weber.freenode.net
xurizaemon,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qhgbbgmqigjyemie,xurizaemon,adams.freenode.net
chesty,indifferent.barrang.com,Michael Chesterton,orwell.freenode.net
theresajayne,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dqgrrgjfpnfmotqc,Theresa Forster,adams.freenode.net
dcht00,2a01:4a0:3::5096:aeb,David Dchtoo,adams.freenode.net
CyberJacob,bouncer.bluesapphiremedia.co.uk,Jacob Mansfield,verne.freenode.net
And1,monoceres.uberspace.de,Andi R.,wilhelm.freenode.net
Alynna,2601:282:c01:9d19::1,Alynna O'onthrera Trypnotk,wilhelm.freenode.net
m6lpi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-azuulkiqwuqrhemm,Neil Stone,wilhelm.freenode.net
nepochal,unaffiliated/nepochal,Michael Scholz,niven.freenode.net
vrishab,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-fizdbyxosqqjbhes,vrishab,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jedix_,mumble.jdsv.de,Jens D.,sinisalo.freenode.net
sptnx,swecan.net,sptnx,leguin.freenode.net
R0CKST3R,mrhost.mrhosting.info,Andy C,asimov.freenode.net
nethershaw,unaffiliated/nethershaw,ora pro pluvis.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dano5,123.109-247-22.customer.lyse.net,Got ZNC?,leguin.freenode.net
Stanto,li285-77.members.linode.com,Stanto,niven.freenode.net
ewook,solon.fluffis.se,ewook,verne.freenode.net
shootbird,beepbeep.serverpit.com,shootbird,wolfe.freenode.net
gvo,c-50-155-88-216.hsd1.ga.comcast.net,realname,tepper.freenode.net
pyllyukko,unaffiliated/pyllyukko,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kolban,47-32-225-189.dhcp.ftwo.tx.charter.com,Neil Kolban,karatkievich.freenode.net
gregoa,colleen.colgarra.priv.at,gregor herrmann,wilhelm.freenode.net
andatche,mule.andatche.com,Ben Arblaster,wolfe.freenode.net
lookshe,unaffiliated/lookshe,s.l.,weber.freenode.net
Obi-Wan,unaffiliated/obi-wan,Obi-Wan,karatkievich.freenode.net
squarecircle,v10848.php-friends.de,goto,asimov.freenode.net
fus_,dev.rozestwinski.com,Rafal,niven.freenode.net
idonob,S010610c37b922980.vs.shawcable.net,nobody,asimov.freenode.net
Sprocks,bmtnon3746w-lp130-01-70-49-35-68.dsl.bell.ca,Sprocks,karatkievich.freenode.net
dStruct,unaffiliated/dstruct,matt,weber.freenode.net
fub,ip-178-200-236-172.hsi07.unitymediagroup.de,fub,weber.freenode.net
mrz,unaffiliated/mrz,mrz,wilhelm.freenode.net
kinopu,195-154-114-193.rev.poneytelecom.eu,...,barjavel.freenode.net
sv--,int13h.nerdhotel.com,Schorsch Viktorowitschki,verne.freenode.net
vdg,unaffiliated/vdg,vdg,asimov.freenode.net
stiv,blender/coder/stivs,realname,leguin.freenode.net
jajah,2001:bc8:4400:2100::8:c13,jajah,wolfe.freenode.net
thekrynn_,ool-4350b3b3.dyn.optonline.net,Alex,sinisalo.freenode.net
Netmage,pD9E631BC.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Netmage,karatkievich.freenode.net
esmiurium,45.63.76.107,Page Closed,karatkievich.freenode.net
NicoHood,ip-95-222-122-98.hsi15.unitymediagroup.de,purple,weber.freenode.net
WebDawg,officialg0d.com,webdawg,orwell.freenode.net
NET||abuse,srv1.labdigital.co.uk,luke,hitchcock.freenode.net
Acou_Bass,2a02:c7d:a037:d600:b634:6099:d464:1911,Acou_Bass,adams.freenode.net
ghoti,hq.experiencepoint.com,Paul Chvostek, http://www.it.ca/~paul/,weber.freenode.net
themill,unaffiliated/themill,Stuart Prescott,adams.freenode.net
devster31,2001:41d0:1:a3af::1,devsterknight,wolfe.freenode.net
johndev,2a01:4f8:c17:114::2,John Dev,wilhelm.freenode.net
outofsorts,104.254.90.243,What's in a name anyway ?,verne.freenode.net
pelle2,82.102.5.128,polle,orwell.freenode.net
marshal0505,trivialand/elite/marshal0505,Marshal0505,wilhelm.freenode.net
niston,84-72-40-108.dclient.hispeed.ch,smooth criminal,barjavel.freenode.net
Nik05,unaffiliated/nik05,Nik05,kornbluth.freenode.net
toligniew,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eiocdtcowslgmuho,toligniew,wolfe.freenode.net
ksx4system,eris.mgst.eu,Krzysztof Staniorowski,orwell.freenode.net
lupinedk,unaffiliated/lupinedk,lupine,wilhelm.freenode.net
Milhouse,kodi/staff/milhouse,...,card.freenode.net
Bercik,unaffiliated/bercik,Redomen,tepper.freenode.net
rektide_,eldergods.com,rektide,orwell.freenode.net
Habbie,lorentz.7bits.nl,Peter van Dijk,wilhelm.freenode.net
superslacker,S0106001a4d5acdf9.cg.shawcable.net,kingeddie,orwell.freenode.net
amurzeau,gateway/web/freenode/ip.90.49.89.224,90.49.89.224 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Hobby,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-elimigrxjrzbnotz,Andrew,karatkievich.freenode.net
OliveSage,kittypocalypse.lol,Olive,asimov.freenode.net
maciozo,193-183-116-140.azirevpn.net,maciozo,weber.freenode.net
jacekowski,2001:41d0:2:f4b7::2,jacekowski,wolfe.freenode.net
iamfrankenstein,h90192.upc-h.chello.nl,iamfrankenstein,leguin.freenode.net
ItIsWhatItIs,unaffiliated/humbag,unkling,asimov.freenode.net
GekkePrutser,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-owxvwlmvujxctxui,Gekke Prutser,tepper.freenode.net
DragonEmbers,server2.game-embers.net,DragonEmbers,niven.freenode.net
klarrt,h150n13-aahm-a11.ias.bredband.telia.com,bsdrouter,adams.freenode.net
ikmaak,541F7D85.cm-5-8b.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Ruben-IkMaak,wilhelm.freenode.net
redrabbit,unaffiliated/redrabbit,nick,verne.freenode.net
funabashi,103.219.22.121,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
Muzer,cpc96772-rdng27-2-0-cust294.15-3.cable.virginm.net,Murray Colpman,kornbluth.freenode.net
isutoshi,h-142-0.a336.priv.bahnhof.se,.,leguin.freenode.net
rlange,static-108-16-207-87.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,rlange,adams.freenode.net
odin_,2a01:348:261:32:21f:c6ff:fe9b:9b34,Odin,adams.freenode.net
gniourf,pdm-l03.insa-lyon.fr,gniourf,niven.freenode.net
SWAT,ubuntu/member/swat,Sebastian S.,hitchcock.freenode.net
dlech,108-198-5-147.lightspeed.okcbok.sbcglobal.net,David Lechner,wolfe.freenode.net
beardy,unaffiliated/beardy,Tobias Rosenqvist,rajaniemi.freenode.net
trn,prone.ws,Jeff Johnson,asimov.freenode.net
jstn,pessa.net,your mom goes to college,card.freenode.net
markelite,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-mvwzqsznmzjauohf,Mark,wolfe.freenode.net
kcaj,unaffiliated/kcaj,kcaj,rajaniemi.freenode.net
th3g1z,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sttckbqbyxgohrqf,th3g1z,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ledixus,evil-ant-colony.org,ledi,wolfe.freenode.net
break3r,unaffiliated/break3r,break3r,hitchcock.freenode.net
tapout,unaffiliated/tapout,Qt FTW,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sonar_Guy,fedora/sonarguy,Nobody Important,asimov.freenode.net
AndrewG,a20.cucumber.me.uk,purple,asimov.freenode.net
cerbmuc,ipbcc195f7.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,yourname,adams.freenode.net
dwatkins,zoidmic.plus.com,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
atouk,ool-4572ac23.dyn.optonline.net,realname,card.freenode.net
BazookaTooth,213.152.161.10,leaf,niven.freenode.net
deathleff,itservice-schaefer.de,Raoul Duke,kornbluth.freenode.net
Jusii,nblzone-224-48.nblnetworks.fi,Jussi Alan�r�,card.freenode.net
binaryhermit,107-219-125-74.lightspeed.cicril.sbcglobal.net,binaryhermit,verne.freenode.net
dreamer,unaffiliated/dreamer,henk,rajaniemi.freenode.net
RockKeyman,net-2-33-19-194.cust.dsl.teletu.it,realname,weber.freenode.net
chcl3,95.61.147.160,chcl3,wolfe.freenode.net
n0isyn0ise,ARennes-252-1-6-233.w2-2.abo.wanadoo.fr,pi,tepper.freenode.net
john51,15255.s.t4vps.eu,John,sinisalo.freenode.net
CIAguy-,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-drbhdaiakmzdmyrf,CIAguy,wilhelm.freenode.net
Andocromn,173-166-116-210-newengland.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,Andocromn,niven.freenode.net
Lazuruz,nimbus.lazix.net,Austin,karatkievich.freenode.net
dteselkin,91.218.144.129,Dmitry Teselkin,leguin.freenode.net
pragmatism,107.170.247.33,pragmatism42,wolfe.freenode.net
andor2007,cpc72039-pete10-2-0-cust165.4-4.cable.virginm.net,m,tepper.freenode.net
jelly,pdpc/supporter/active/jelly,Real Name,wolfe.freenode.net
lifeofguenter,193.150.14.105,Gunter Grodotzki,verne.freenode.net
nickdastain,81.4.102.12,Nicola,niven.freenode.net
updownleft,162.243.19.12,updownleft,asimov.freenode.net
pitastrudl,unaffiliated/pitastrudl,pitastrudl,wilhelm.freenode.net
kipd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dcdigaxlsoeaexmn,Kip,wilhelm.freenode.net
vincent_c,vcheng.org,Vincent Cheng,weber.freenode.net
YoY,ltl56-2-88-169-169-201.fbx.proxad.net,YoY,barjavel.freenode.net
Cybertinus,cybertinus.customer.cloud.nl,Cybertinus,niven.freenode.net
Conino,149.6.187.130,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
nikomo,nikomo.eu,nikomo,wilhelm.freenode.net
root-,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-svhlwoakvtgojsld,root,wilhelm.freenode.net
praest76,95.145.160.146,Peter Adams,wolfe.freenode.net
WoodLeg,81.180.208.40,A CIRC user,asimov.freenode.net
ravustaja,ns325321.ip-37-187-105.eu,ravustaja,asimov.freenode.net
atpa8a_,orionsbelt.net,NoName,rajaniemi.freenode.net
navidr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qsenpzikifwlnxyz,navidra,rajaniemi.freenode.net
azeam,unaffiliated/azeam,azeam,wolfe.freenode.net
Mortumm,t157.ip1.netikka.fi,Nuno,hitchcock.freenode.net
k0nsl,unaffiliated/k0nsl,k0nsl (i.am@k0nsl.org),rajaniemi.freenode.net
vok`,pool-96-245-193-142.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,pi,niven.freenode.net
banekillgrind,CPE00fc8d945b73-CM00fc8d945b70.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,Ryan Trumpa,leguin.freenode.net
membiblio,pool-71-112-149-68.pitbpa.fios.verizon.net,realname,weber.freenode.net
hypech,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-fvnalfyqqcgjqolz,hypech,karatkievich.freenode.net
loran42o,unaffiliated/loran42o,Laurent Salin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
glebelg,2a01:e34:ed81:c720:240b:b44c:10a2:68df,realname,adams.freenode.net
gardouille,andarta.libricks.net,gardouille,weber.freenode.net
coldshell,mir01-h01-176-150-231-3.dsl.sta.abo.bbox.fr,coldshell,barjavel.freenode.net
Freddy,2a01cb05887b9800a5d818cf02334e4d.ipv6.abo.wanadoo.fr,Freddy,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
nico53,241.ip-164-132-54.eu,nico,asimov.freenode.net
AlexRussia,unaffiliated/alexrussia,Alex,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sho_,kde/hein,Eike,adams.freenode.net
sandroandrade,104.236.100.111,Sandro S. Andrade,weber.freenode.net
peremen,kde/pshinjo,Shinjo Park,weber.freenode.net
lliehu,2001:41d0:8:9369::1,Lasse Liehu,wilhelm.freenode.net
sheedy-away,kde/developer/sheedy,Frédéric Sheedy,adams.freenode.net
pursuivant,kde/bot/commit-notifications,irker relaying client,barjavel.freenode.net
qewzee,frequenz.pavlov.su,qz,adams.freenode.net
cosmos_,62-47-18-221.adsl.highway.telekom.at,ShalokShalom,hitchcock.freenode.net
frinring,x4db4d80a.dyn.telefonica.de,Friedrich,rajaniemi.freenode.net
csslayer,unaffiliated/csslayer,xuetianweng,wilhelm.freenode.net
Mek,kde/mkruisselbrink,Marijn Kruisselbrink,verne.freenode.net
guoyunhe,dsl-espbrasgw1-54f9cc-100.dhcp.inet.fi,我,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Mamarok,amarok/team/mamarok,Myriam Schweingruber,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
cb400f,opensuse/member/Cb400f,Martin Schlander,hitchcock.freenode.net
huftis,14.92-221-170.customer.lyse.net,Karl Ove Hufthammer,karatkievich.freenode.net
Nin-lil-izi,loki.nkli.net,Nin Lil'izi,kornbluth.freenode.net
nokomo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ztucxrrkqboqtjxw,nokomo,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sinclair6,108-75-18-87.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net,Sinclair6,wilhelm.freenode.net
ibid,wnpgmb1154w-ds01-160-90-254.dynamic.mtsallstream.net,realname,card.freenode.net
bagpuss,host86-142-3-155.range86-142.btcentralplus.com,bagpuss,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ninezerofive,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.45.72.161.240,ninezerofive,weber.freenode.net
cepheid22,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.72.222.98.3,cepheid22,asimov.freenode.net
vixey,66-227-210-82.dhcp.trcy.mi.charter.com,vixey,hitchcock.freenode.net
xyk,unaffiliated/xyk,xyk,weber.freenode.net
Soulless,pool-72-65-52-213.bflony.fios.verizon.net,SoullessSingularity,rajaniemi.freenode.net
piefge,HSI-KBW-46-237-219-245.hsi.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de,none,adams.freenode.net
ugjka,ugjka.net,UgisG,card.freenode.net
fl1pbot,ugjka.net,fl1pbot,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Madcotto,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rcpyeuzxowfybidc,Madcotto,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nature99,unaffiliated/nature99,realname,card.freenode.net
GnosticShaman,2601:582:8001:9ca0:226:c6ff:fe49:5176,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
shymega,2001:ba8:1f1:f082:216:5eff:fe00:45a,shymega,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Marvin_PA,unaffiliated/artaslove/bot/marvin-pa,R. Giskard Reventlov,karatkievich.freenode.net
algernon_,unaffiliated/ibsen,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
celephais,ip-176-199-52-136.hsi06.unitymediagroup.de,celephais,weber.freenode.net
imclever,ugjka.net,clevbot,adams.freenode.net
Polsaker,donger/wielder/Polsaker,Polsaker,hitchcock.freenode.net
tacocat,unaffiliated/glolol,James,wilhelm.freenode.net
dan-,freenode/corporate-sponsor/privateinternetaccess.com/doaks,Nyan nyan,sinisalo.freenode.net
dx,unaffiliated/dxdx,dx,niven.freenode.net
jwheare,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ebjglxzmwixdgcmj,James Wheare,adams.freenode.net
mt,atheme/mteufel,M. Teufel <mteufel@urandom.eu.org>,niven.freenode.net
SaberUK,ns326278.ijustwantedtogointo.space,Peter "SaberUK" Powell <petpow@saberuk.com>,tepper.freenode.net
Googolplexed,bucket.googolplexed.net,Googol,barjavel.freenode.net
r3c0d3x,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-uigpowtqfwkmrcjv,r3c0d3x,wilhelm.freenode.net
DBoyz,lightning.bouncer.ml,DBoyz,wilhelm.freenode.net
Langer,nackenclan.de,Sebastian Hofmann,asimov.freenode.net
stybla,pylon.zeratul.org,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
siel,unaffiliated/motley,siel,karatkievich.freenode.net
otaku42,madwifi/developer/otaku42,Michael Renzmann,verne.freenode.net
PaulFertser,2001:470:26:54b:260:98ff:feef:cb79,Paul Fertser,niven.freenode.net
stintel,madwifi/support/stintel,Stijn Tintel,adams.freenode.net
Wonka,madwifi/support/wonka,Wonka,hitchcock.freenode.net
paces,h178.177.130.174.dynamic.ip.windstream.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
GuntherDW,quadran.system33.be,GuntherDW,weber.freenode.net
Fiouz,2001:bc8:3068::dead:beef,Fiouz,karatkievich.freenode.net
p0g0,unaffiliated/p0g0,pogo,wilhelm.freenode.net
signal11,abq.quaddro.net,Tuner Watson,barjavel.freenode.net
wombat,madwifi/bot/wombat,http://awol.no-ip.org/~wombat,kornbluth.freenode.net
rektide_,eldergods.com,rektide,orwell.freenode.net
whenry,c-75-70-111-202.hsd1.co.comcast.net,William Henry,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
noughth,unaffiliated/noughth,noughth,niven.freenode.net
skrblr,vtluug/member/skrblr,skrblr,asimov.freenode.net
tim1,138.68.26.36,tim,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gnomesurf__,2600:8807:8082:df00:5ce1:8c2d:c66f:f9ee,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
Buals,2602:252:d0d:ad20:91eb:ede1:9ed3:741e,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
reign1,ip98-162-171-185.pn.at.cox.net,reign,adams.freenode.net
reign3,ip98-162-171-185.pn.at.cox.net,reign,orwell.freenode.net
volk,2600:8807:8082:df00:a288:b4ff:fec7:e00,realname,leguin.freenode.net
ZeroLux,unaffiliated/zerolux,realname,orwell.freenode.net
bigbadjudas,pool-96-227-53-69.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,666,adams.freenode.net
Urine_Bubbles,c-73-55-149-245.hsd1.tx.comcast.net,...,asimov.freenode.net
tetrodotoxin,unaffiliated/sixtyfold,burn,karatkievich.freenode.net
|mando|,167.114.34.130,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
xin-r,ip68-226-207-213.lf.br.cox.net,scorpionz,card.freenode.net
bigbadjesus,unaffiliated/psidrome,WAT,tepper.freenode.net
gnomon,CPE1c872c7063d0-CM00fc8d8fbe70.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,Ben Zanin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Elieux,77.93.202.79,purple,asimov.freenode.net
abbe,badti.me,abbe,leguin.freenode.net
apotheon,copyfree/founder/apotheon,the hanging chad,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
nbhauke,p5DED3FF6.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Hauke Fath,barjavel.freenode.net
jonasbits,213-21-80-56.customer.t3.se,Jonas �stman,asimov.freenode.net
zacts,dragora/developer/zacts,Zak Storer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Ahmed,freebsd/contributor/Ahmed,Ahmed Samir,orwell.freenode.net
raSter^,01111010.01101110.01100011.firrre.com,rrrasterrr,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
koobs,freebsd/developer/koobs,koobs,sinisalo.freenode.net
elijah,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gohrykoczswvdhrj,Elijah Lynn,wolfe.freenode.net
Jackneill,unaffiliated/jackneill,Jackneill,leguin.freenode.net
Circlefusion,cpe-74-132-161-93.kya.res.rr.com,Brian,orwell.freenode.net
Cork,firefox/community/cork,Cork,rajaniemi.freenode.net
grindhold,c035.cyan.servdiscount-customer.com,grindhold,asimov.freenode.net
waigani,103.250.230.2,Jesse Meek,hitchcock.freenode.net
SteveDrees,209.180.58.170,SteveDrees,card.freenode.net
Trevinho,ubuntu/member/trevinho,Marco Trevisan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sigtrm,quassel.woboq.de,sigtrm,wolfe.freenode.net
CapsAdmin,ti0115a400-1403.bb.online.no,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
PaulCapestany,2604:5500:17:2ea:5c15:40e6:5986:2db4,Paul Capestany,wilhelm.freenode.net
rdelaney,176.126.245.76,Richard Delaney,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
e0_1|\|,gateway/web/freenode/ip.194.98.51.36,194.98.51.36 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
moo-_-,lakka.kapsi.fi,Mikko Ohtamaa http://opensourcehacker.com,karatkievich.freenode.net
SteveM|away,50-1-20-238.dsl.static.fusionbroadband.com,Steve McMahon,tepper.freenode.net
svx,yavin.puscii.nl,svx,verne.freenode.net
tkimnguyen,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dddbvgtfuuohjfgx,T. Kim Nguyen,leguin.freenode.net
esteele,prime.esteele.net,Eric Steele,wilhelm.freenode.net
martior,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rvecdxajhfajntid,Martin Reistadbakk,wilhelm.freenode.net
[Arfrever],apache/committer/Arfrever,Arfrever Frehtes Taifersar Arahesis,niven.freenode.net
gforcada_,ip5b418e86.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,Gil Forcada,tepper.freenode.net
midnightmagic,unaffiliated/midnightmagic,midnightmagic,weber.freenode.net
moo-_-,lakka.kapsi.fi,Mikko Ohtamaa http://opensourcehacker.com,karatkievich.freenode.net
arubi,unaffiliated/arubi,arubi,card.freenode.net
belcher,unaffiliated/belcher,realname,adams.freenode.net
waxwing,62.205.214.125,Adam Gibson,card.freenode.net
edward,4angle.com,Edward Betts,weber.freenode.net
phantomcircuit,192.241.205.97,phantomcircuit,card.freenode.net
adams__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-muawjgtdvplxdxke,Adams,adams.freenode.net
AdrianG,unaffiliated/amphetamine,Real Name.,sinisalo.freenode.net
[0__0],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me/,orwell.freenode.net
dansmith_btc,ns3613174.ip-51-255-69.eu,dansmith,karatkievich.freenode.net
pigeons,94.242.209.214,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
btcdrak,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wncofpjjyyoizmfz,btcdrak,karatkievich.freenode.net
imobilis,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:feae:6ad1,Juan,niven.freenode.net
klondike,gentoo/developer/klondike,klondike,verne.freenode.net
marcan,marcansoft.com,marcan,wolfe.freenode.net
neonerz,cpe-172-74-88-209.nc.res.rr.com,purple,card.freenode.net
aperson,unaffiliated/aperson,ap,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
itsmartin_,178.62.62.232,ItsMartin,weber.freenode.net
kimmoli,194.100.69.195,Kimmo Lindholm,wolfe.freenode.net
SfietKonstantinW,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.194.98.51.36,SfietKonstantinW,adams.freenode.net
eekkelund,Maemo/community/council/eekkelund,eetu,orwell.freenode.net
locusf,a88-112-228-79.elisa-laajakaista.fi,Aleksi Suomalainen,leguin.freenode.net
quotemstr,dancol.org,Daniel Colascione,verne.freenode.net
forcer,loki.jorgenschaefer.de,http://www.jorgenschaefer.de/,tepper.freenode.net
taylan,2a02:908:c30:3540:221:ccff:fe66:68f0,Taylan Ulrich Bayırlı/Kammer,sinisalo.freenode.net
benaiah,104.131.128.41,Benaiah Mischenko,asimov.freenode.net
literal,u.nix.is,Hinrik Örn Sigurðsson,wilhelm.freenode.net
parsnip,unaffiliated/parsnip,parsnip,adams.freenode.net
_ddtddt,ADijon-554-1-185-179.w92-148.abo.wanadoo.fr,Damien THOMAS,adams.freenode.net
black_rez,calculating-god.com,Black ReZ,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
gnunux,ns3285837.ip-5-135-181.eu,GnunuX,karatkievich.freenode.net
merlin1991,Maemo/community/cssu/merlin1991,Christian Ratzenhofer,adams.freenode.net
alur_w,nat/google/x-fspcxaugimwxjqjq,purple,wilhelm.freenode.net
r00trider,windy.fakelag.net,Joel,tepper.freenode.net
Guest63043,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-ygyrktkvrujpocbn,fulaiche88,karatkievich.freenode.net
Rodericus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pkaxabquwtewatcs,Rōderīcus, -ī,adams.freenode.net
yoleaux,xn--ht-1ia18f.nonceword.org,Yoleaux L. Only-Once,wilhelm.freenode.net
Ceryn,2-106-108-181-dynamic.dk.customer.tdc.net,Ceryn,leguin.freenode.net
dpk,xn--ht-1ia18f.nonceword.org,David Preston Kendal,orwell.freenode.net
titanous,unaffiliated/titanous,titanous,orwell.freenode.net
[o__o],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me,verne.freenode.net
irclogger_com,li659-42.members.linode.com,irc log bot, http://www.irclogger.com,asimov.freenode.net
catsup,ps38852.dreamhost.com,d,karatkievich.freenode.net
quentez,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-phnvhbcgtqeievsf,Quentin Calvez,wilhelm.freenode.net
seagreen,gateway/shell/ncsu/x-ugvtfaowiyxcdvqc,seagreen,asimov.freenode.net
Erkan_Yilmaz,wikimedia/Erkan-Yilmaz,Erkan Yilmaz,hitchcock.freenode.net
cuibonobo,c-50-167-231-91.hsd1.ga.comcast.net,Jen Montes,card.freenode.net
Immanuel,2.236.139.163,John von Neumann,wilhelm.freenode.net
nse,189.1.29.35,purple,asimov.freenode.net
sanova1,host102-1-dynamic.249-95-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,sanova,barjavel.freenode.net
rio_afk,mx.isigame.net,riod,karatkievich.freenode.net
a7x,unaffiliated/a7x,iScript,karatkievich.freenode.net
Ozzyboshi,ip-49-176.sn1.clouditalia.com,ozzy,barjavel.freenode.net
classix,silenceisdefeat.com,salven,wolfe.freenode.net
ekl,unaffiliated/ekl,the eclectic geek,wolfe.freenode.net
bek,unaffiliated/bek,Francesco Polsinelli,asimov.freenode.net
mnencia,debian/developer/mnencia,Marco Nenciarini,niven.freenode.net
Kerd,unaffiliated/kerd,no,wolfe.freenode.net
erre,unaffiliated/erre,erre,wolfe.freenode.net
enrico,debian/developer/enrico,Enrico Zini,card.freenode.net
Muflo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zwygwohikiyflpos,Muflo,wilhelm.freenode.net
`akira,2001:41d0:e:275::1,`akira,karatkievich.freenode.net
pebble`,unaffiliated/espiral,pebble,wilhelm.freenode.net
jelly,pdpc/supporter/active/jelly,Real Name,wolfe.freenode.net
b00k3r,unaffiliated/b00k3r,b00k3r,adams.freenode.net
frankie,lugbari/people/frankie,Francesco Paolo Lovergine,asimov.freenode.net
magellanino,c83-250-44-242.bredband.comhem.se,Davide Governale 0x772EBD56,kornbluth.freenode.net
Attoy,ybox00.ybox.it,Are you curious?,barjavel.freenode.net
Texou,unaffiliated/texou,Texou,adams.freenode.net
peterS,ip68-102-112-122.ks.ok.cox.net,Peter Samuelson,verne.freenode.net
buluca,unaffiliated/buluca,Luca Brivio,orwell.freenode.net
Mithrandir__,5.79.86.129,Ninguém,wolfe.freenode.net
YouNeverKnow,youneverknow.tk,You Never Know,niven.freenode.net
smonchichuan,You.Wish.You.Could.Have.My.Coookies.PanicBNC.ninja,F#@� evolution: I'm an abstract frog,niven.freenode.net
mapreri,ubuntu/member/mapreri,Mattia Rizzolo,wolfe.freenode.net
valerio,unaffiliated/valerio/x-9242161,Loveless,verne.freenode.net
Carlin0,unaffiliated/carlin0,Mio nonno inculava i curiosi ...,roddenberry.freenode.net
Heavymind,unaffiliated/heavymind,bc,orwell.freenode.net
ask21,Wikipedia/Ask21,ask21,asimov.freenode.net
kaeso,panopea.unstable.it,Luca Bruno,asimov.freenode.net
reDFog,unaffiliated/redfog,reDFog,card.freenode.net
sanova,ff5.linuxd.it,sanova,barjavel.freenode.net
Nothing4You,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
Nothing4You_,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
EvilWerezombie,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
M-ou-se,circle.m-ou.se,m-ou-se,asimov.freenode.net
npaperbot,dodecahedron.m-ou.se,NPaper Bot,weber.freenode.net
de-vri-es,irc.de-vri.es,maarten,karatkievich.freenode.net
squeakita,2601:645:401:9fce:1076:dc54:8487:7752,squeakita,wolfe.freenode.net
Resnik,37.247.52.207,Resnik,tepper.freenode.net
Guest31838,milliways.ramdrive.org,shades,sinisalo.freenode.net
ke4qqq,ec2-54-90-178-215.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
el2ro,198.199.125.248,Sami,niven.freenode.net
sol1d,45.63.16.220,notroot,adams.freenode.net
Dackus,taimen.sr2.fi,Tuukka Ryyppö,orwell.freenode.net
Uranium[oc]__,24.115.211.120,New Now Know How,tepper.freenode.net
MrGeneral,unaffiliated/mrgeneral,MrGeneral,wolfe.freenode.net
HellTiger,dslb-178-012-063-222.178.012.pools.vodafone-ip.de,7,1HellTiger,verne.freenode.net
soraver,do.betahost.gr,me to mali sthn priza,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kev-,donk.hlekkir.is,Kebab Bob,leguin.freenode.net
simbalion`,tailpuff.net,simba,barjavel.freenode.net
Knofte,burken.nu,Knofte,orwell.freenode.net
dogmatic69,164.177.154.223,dogmatic69,weber.freenode.net
Tcalp,24-142-93-84.ou.cgocable.ca,Tcalp,wolfe.freenode.net
effectnet,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-amsoqmsmhcyrvlxt,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,leguin.freenode.net
dasginganinja,znc.thomasdonahue.me,loonysalmon,niven.freenode.net
ImQ009,unaffiliated/imq009,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
stowelly,2a01:4f8:160:51eb::2,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
mooncup,special-snowflake/mooncup,mooncup,hitchcock.freenode.net
Slippern,151.141-0-99.customer.lyse.net,TK,kornbluth.freenode.net
samPoyigi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lvyvltzrswdiibqv,Sam Poyigi,adams.freenode.net
ragesoss,wikimedia/ragesoss,Sage Ross,rajaniemi.freenode.net
addshore,wikimedia/addshore,addshore,wolfe.freenode.net
nosferatu,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Nosferatu,card.freenode.net
lestaty,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Sir Lestaty de Lioncourt,adams.freenode.net
wikibugs,wikimedia/bot/pywikibugs,Wikibugs v2.1, http://tools.wmflabs.org/wikibugs/,barjavel.freenode.net
Steinsplitter,wikimedia/Steinsplitter,Steinsplitter,adams.freenode.net
tgr|away,wikipedia/tgr,Gergő Tisza,card.freenode.net
matt_flaschen,wikipedia/Mattflaschen,Matt Flaschen,weber.freenode.net
CIA,wikimedia/charitwo,charitwo,barjavel.freenode.net
AlexZ,wikimedia/Az1568,Alex Z,barjavel.freenode.net
Amir1,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dcqctllthhoxfhev,Amir Sarabadani,karatkievich.freenode.net
Jamesofur,wikimedia/Jamesofur,James Alexander,wolfe.freenode.net
chasemp,2600:3c02::f03c:91ff:fe6e:f6f5,Chase,leguin.freenode.net
halfak,wikipedia/EpochFail,Aaron Halfaker,wilhelm.freenode.net
greg-g,wikimedia/greg-wmf,Greg Grossmeier,karatkievich.freenode.net
musikanimal,wikipedia/MusikAnimal,Leon Ziemba,tepper.freenode.net
Krenair,wikimedia/Krenair,Alex Monk,karatkievich.freenode.net
Sir_Lestaty,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Sir Lestaty de Lioncourt,barjavel.freenode.net
James_F,wikimedia/JamesF,James D. Forrester,card.freenode.net
JohanJ,90-229-222-84-no253.tbcn.telia.com,pi,wilhelm.freenode.net
kaldari,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-alkksintajptcoxd,Ryan Kaldari,adams.freenode.net
tonythomas,wikimedia/-01tonythomas,Tony Thomas,sinisalo.freenode.net
abittaker,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bedhtyhudevihibl,Amanda Bittaker,leguin.freenode.net
bd808,wikimedia/BDavis-WMF,Bryan Davis,leguin.freenode.net
CP678|Laptop_,wikipedia/Cyberpower678,CP678|Laptop,card.freenode.net
Niharika,wikimedia/NiharikaKohli,Niharika,adams.freenode.net
quiddity,wikipedia/quiddity,quiddity,rajaniemi.freenode.net
samwilson,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gohrymdspdxhksaa,Sam Wilson,karatkievich.freenode.net
Reedy,wikimedia/pdpc.active.reedy,Reedy,hitchcock.freenode.net
stashbot,wikimedia/bot/stashbot,https://tools.wmflabs.org/stashbot/,leguin.freenode.net
legoktm,wikipedia/Legoktm,legoktm,karatkievich.freenode.net
Harej,wikipedia/harej,James Hare,wilhelm.freenode.net
Guest8350,v2.smuckola.org,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
wikibugs_,wikimedia/bot/pywikibugs,Wikibugs v2.1, http://tools.wmflabs.org/wikibugs/,hitchcock.freenode.net
hemi770,unaffiliated/hemi770,hemi666,weber.freenode.net
crunge,about/security/staff/crunge,http://clinicallyawesome.com/,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Q_Continuum,li292-181.members.linode.com,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
ClayTK,irc.mrecho.net,Is that you John Wayne?,karatkievich.freenode.net
megaproman,loveturtle.net,megaprogman,verne.freenode.net
UncleDrax,auntieentity.mega-ton.us,Uncle Drax Todeszauberer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Liothen,pdpc/supporter/professional/liothen,liothen,orwell.freenode.net
AccessExcess,86.121.128.74,Access Excess,leguin.freenode.net
xles,island.sysadminfury.org,xles xbian,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
buZz,space.nurdspace.nl,buZz,karatkievich.freenode.net
SHOVEL_,ip24-251-20-118.ph.ph.cox.net,shovel,tepper.freenode.net
c4rc4s,unaffiliated/c4rc4s,c4rc4s,wolfe.freenode.net
jcadduono,adduono.com,James Christopher Adduono,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jima,fedora/jima,jima,barjavel.freenode.net
turtle,loveturtle.net,The African Love Turtle,karatkievich.freenode.net
hhg,ip72-223-13-148.ph.ph.cox.net,Holy,card.freenode.net
Jibkat,irc.mrecho.net,Jib Kat,asimov.freenode.net
shawnphase,pool-72-71-178-13.bltmmd.east.verizon.net,shawn,card.freenode.net
yoshimitsu,irc.mrecho.net,yoshimitsu,weber.freenode.net
b0at,c-50-162-6-255.hsd1.tx.comcast.net,b0at,hitchcock.freenode.net
thomsley,preventing.burning.systems,tom,rajaniemi.freenode.net
shaq,island.sysadminfury.org,tom,wolfe.freenode.net
Cimmerian,S010628c68e009ea8.vc.shawcable.net,...,weber.freenode.net
Famicoma2_,ks354986.kimsufi.com,famicoman|k,adams.freenode.net
juver,31.171-241-81.adsl-dyn.isp.belgacom.be,?,orwell.freenode.net
AndyTheAbsurd,lofn-e.hardison.net,Andrew,verne.freenode.net
Vision,97-85-227-163.static.stls.mo.charter.com,Vision,niven.freenode.net
Famicoman_,c-98-225-138-71.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,famicoman_h,karatkievich.freenode.net
Phylop,64.34.161.80,Phylop,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dk_,mail.dkaiser.org,dkaiser,adams.freenode.net
zandad,dslpool2-243.progressivetel.com,realname,card.freenode.net
WarKitteh,irc.mrecho.net,WarKitteh - by MrEcho,asimov.freenode.net
Juxter,otitsun.oulu.fi,Juhani Puurula,verne.freenode.net
mrecho,pdpc/supporter/professional/mrecho,moo,weber.freenode.net
nimbius,putrid.dev1ce.com,nimbius,niven.freenode.net
FrejaSE,163.172.171.80,Freja Borginger,asimov.freenode.net
Corrodias,97.80.80.101,Corrodias,niven.freenode.net
BtbN,unaffiliated/btbn,Timo R.,tepper.freenode.net
candy`,ai.mkz.me,pouet,barjavel.freenode.net
dunk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ixrtheihgqarozml,Duncan Gordon,wolfe.freenode.net
verdurin,fedora/verdurin,verdurin,adams.freenode.net
spikebike,204.246.122.82,',wolfe.freenode.net
bhm,saruman.uio.no,Bj|rn-Helge Mevik,rajaniemi.freenode.net
natefoo,enospc.org,Nate Coraor,card.freenode.net
tewk_,128.187.112.30,Kevin Tew,asimov.freenode.net
yaq,madcow.hpc-pl.org,MP,asimov.freenode.net
tezar,madcow.hpc-pl.org,Marek Magrys,barjavel.freenode.net
cfenoy,unaffiliated/cfenoy,Carlos Fenoy,,,,card.freenode.net
sandah,cpe-67-243-139-71.nyc.res.rr.com,Sander,barjavel.freenode.net
AnCaRioN,unaffiliated/ancarion,David S.,karatkievich.freenode.net
koollman,sp1.kooll.info,koollman,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Karambol,unaffiliated/karambol,kiju,verne.freenode.net
mr_fusion,unaffiliated/mr-fusion/x-9925298,John DeSantis,sinisalo.freenode.net
teve,poliisi.iki.fi,Tommi Tervo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tru_tru,atsukau.bis.pasteur.fr,Tru,asimov.freenode.net
blacklotus89,pD9F6CC72.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Thomas Schneider,wolfe.freenode.net
^cinek^,213.135.53.152,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
prg3,S01066c3b6b17c371.ed.shawcable.net,prg3,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tsubic,inf2.uniri.hr,tsubic,adams.freenode.net
Eilyre,2001:bb8:2002:2400:4639:c4ff:fe54:ed0e,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
CandyAngel,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe79:fbf7,CandyAngel,niven.freenode.net
Mustaavalkosta,pizzalaatikko.net,Niko Hyrynsalmi,barjavel.freenode.net
hussam,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hvhdhzdnjzlkveqr,Hussam Al-Tayeb,sinisalo.freenode.net
damjan,unaffiliated/damjan,damjan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
butcha,unaffiliated/butcha,butcha,wilhelm.freenode.net
jA_cOp,144.76.87.247,ミスタードーナツ,asimov.freenode.net
shtirlic,ec2-52-28-185-189.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Serg Podtynnyi,barjavel.freenode.net
CustosLimen,unaffiliated/cust0slim3n,CustosLimen,tepper.freenode.net
atom3_,blacklight.fi,atom3,card.freenode.net
ag_dubs__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-znzqamjzbfzmwhvl,ashley williams,adams.freenode.net
hive-mind,67.53.153.59,hivemind,karatkievich.freenode.net
Sonicblaze,nat/redhat/x-exubdpquvjsbeiga,Chris Roberts,wilhelm.freenode.net
adam12,atlanta.reconapp.com,adam,asimov.freenode.net
sindork,unaffiliated/sindork,Yo,verne.freenode.net
mjc_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wabcvykxrvjlxhen,Michael J. Cohen,adams.freenode.net
squarebracket,2604:a880:800:10::7ea:1001,Chuck,niven.freenode.net
rikai,unaffiliated/rikai,rikai,niven.freenode.net
russt,li1200-137.members.linode.com,Russ Taylor,weber.freenode.net
locks,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lcifnrfekjzgcomz,ricardo mendes,adams.freenode.net
halorgium,ceramic.spork.in,halorgium,wilhelm.freenode.net
mouse,whiskers.com,furry one - sqee,asimov.freenode.net
djellemah,dsl-197-245-107-48.voxdsl.co.za,John Anderson,barjavel.freenode.net
irclogger_com,li659-42.members.linode.com,irc log bot, http://www.irclogger.com,asimov.freenode.net
Jamo,185.20.136.111,Jarmo Isotalo,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
_jungh4ns,static.184.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,junghans,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kapowaz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mgqkvfmrpkgedzyf,Ben Darlow,adams.freenode.net
cevett,209.208.228.244,realname,niven.freenode.net
mwlang,47.187.214.162,Michael Lang,barjavel.freenode.net
sdothum,dsl-173-206-130-99.tor.primus.ca,Steven Hum,barjavel.freenode.net
bauruine_,213.239.205.247,bauruine,wolfe.freenode.net
claw,triple6.org,,,,,tepper.freenode.net
isomorphismes,ec2-54-243-213-161.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Ubuntu,weber.freenode.net
flips,unaffiliated/flips,Phil,verne.freenode.net
Rennex,giraf.fi,Renne Nissinen,wolfe.freenode.net
croberts,nat/redhat/x-pgxemmjaqnbhnimi,crobe,card.freenode.net
trajing,is.aww.moe,trajing,weber.freenode.net
Takumo,unaffiliated/takumokatekari,Leo A,weber.freenode.net
cschneid,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe73:9540,cschneid,wilhelm.freenode.net
tchebb,pool-108-20-213-147.bstnma.fios.verizon.net,Thomas Hebb,wilhelm.freenode.net
kenichi,nakamura.io,kenichi,barjavel.freenode.net
perry,unaffiliated/perry753,Perry Huang,card.freenode.net
tumdedum,unaffiliated/espiral,tum-de-dum,card.freenode.net
fidothe,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jsqobpacuwmnjmbp,Matt Patterson,adams.freenode.net
alfie,cirrus.alfiepates.me,Alfie Pates,wolfe.freenode.net
vdl,147.ip-167-114-97.net,vivien,orwell.freenode.net
bjoernr-de,unaffiliated/bjoernr-de,bjoernr-de,niven.freenode.net
niekie,unaffiliated/niek,Niek Bergman,barjavel.freenode.net
zzzADC,107.173.42.153,zzzADC,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
sean,195-154-109-172.rev.poneytelecom.eu,sean,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChrisE,2001:8b0:17d6:56ed::e,Christopher Elsby,karatkievich.freenode.net
linuxthefish,unaffiliated/edmundf,E,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ced117_,AStrasbourg-552-1-35-58.w90-26.abo.wanadoo.fr,Cedric Heintz,adams.freenode.net
sydney_untangle,supertux/sydney,sydney,barjavel.freenode.net
PKEuS,2002:577b:c52f:0:69d6:7bee:ceb9:e886,KVIrc 4.9.2 Aria http://kvirc.net/,leguin.freenode.net
lumidify,unaffiliated/lumidify,Lumidify Productions,card.freenode.net
ced117,opensuse/member/ced117,Cedric Heintz,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Fuuzetsu,37.139.11.195,Shana,karatkievich.freenode.net
Guest39518,199.127.226.246,metric,wolfe.freenode.net
tw1sted,unaffiliated/tw1sted,tw1sted,adams.freenode.net
allejo,bzflag/developer/allejo,allejo,leguin.freenode.net
bchhun,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kfafnmtnbzrjdnzk,Bernard Chhun,leguin.freenode.net
BulletCatcher,bzflag/developer/BulletCatcher,Bullet Catcher,weber.freenode.net
boal,helit.tech,boal,karatkievich.freenode.net
kierra,unaffiliated/kierra,Esculapia,wilhelm.freenode.net
Argooon,unaffiliated/blast007/bot/argooon,MyPHPBot 0.15a 07-16-2007 using Net_SmartIRC Clien,adams.freenode.net
the_map,unaffiliated/the-map/x-1795707,the map,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
blast007,bzflag/developer/Blast,blast,tepper.freenode.net
brad,unaffiliated/brad,brad,sinisalo.freenode.net
alezakos,bzflag/developer/alezakos,kongr45gpen,niven.freenode.net
bendikz,unaffiliated/bendikz,Bendik,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
lb1bi,bendiksverden.net,Bendik,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Lausefuchs,freenode/staff/fuchs,Christian,wilhelm.freenode.net
ErrantEgo,freenode/jester/errantego,ErrantEgo,wilhelm.freenode.net
DalekSec,ubuntu/member/unit193,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
nchambers,freenode/spooky-exception/bartender/learnprogramming.nchambers,Nicholas Chambers,karatkievich.freenode.net
gildarts,botters/helper/gildarts,gildarts,wolfe.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
Fuchs,freenode/staff/fuchs,Christian,karatkievich.freenode.net
MetaNova,unaffiliated/metanova,zero-one,wolfe.freenode.net
