anarchivist,pdpc/supporter/active/anarchivist,Mx Matienzo,adams.freenode.net
jjtuttle,Lib-ITS15.lib.duke.edu,Jim Tuttle,hitchcock.freenode.net
ruebot_away,pdpc/supporter/professional/ruebot,Nick Ruest,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cbeer,cbeer.info,cbeer,verne.freenode.net
awoods,c-98-245-50-182.hsd1.co.comcast.net,realname,card.freenode.net
cmills,pool-165-230-225-146.nat.rutgers.edu,realname,tepper.freenode.net
jonathangee,47.54.191.23,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
f4jenkins,devtools.lib.umd.edu,PircBotX 1.9, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bot,weber.freenode.net
ajwagner,bootlegbrewing.ca,AJW,karatkievich.freenode.net
ff_logger,devtools.lib.umd.edu,Sualtam,wilhelm.freenode.net
jackhill,bog.hcoop.net,Jack Hill,weber.freenode.net
hoglahoo,unaffiliated/hoglahoo,hoglahoo,asimov.freenode.net
shaun413,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rcgjsaibujwwkrli,Goat,sinisalo.freenode.net
rrittenhouse_,tadstech.com,rrittenhouse,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Spec,unaffiliated/spec,omg,card.freenode.net
gthx,ec2-52-10-64-85.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,None,weber.freenode.net
malcom2073_,mikesshop.net,Malcom2073,adams.freenode.net
thews,unaffiliated/thews,The WS,hitchcock.freenode.net
ambr,whatevz.net,Brett Pemberton,asimov.freenode.net
khalek,jsg.id.au,Jonathan Gray,niven.freenode.net
[lsd],mail.wootangent.net,Leigh Dyer,card.freenode.net
tvaalen,unaffiliated/tvaal,(r),verne.freenode.net
ykke,31-192-226-169-static.serverhotell.net,Myke Hawke,barjavel.freenode.net
bittin,vps154124.loopiavps.com,Esmeralda,wilhelm.freenode.net
CptGrumpy,95.215.46.192,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
bzlm,3dfxsweden.net,bzlm,orwell.freenode.net
Gud,c-890ae555.021-17-73746f36.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,User K,karatkievich.freenode.net
frender,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gltbtsypudetyxap,Fredrick Dahlin,wilhelm.freenode.net
ghane,80.70.159.181,Goran Hane,leguin.freenode.net
c014,h67n8-b2-d4.ias.bredband.telia.com,.,tepper.freenode.net
gaqzi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kytfojxokbnpzxzg,Björn Andersson,adams.freenode.net
drexter,h-13-33.a485.priv.bahnhof.se,They're all here, the Tiny Tims and the Uncle Toms,barjavel.freenode.net
chris38,machine107.orange-labs.com,Christian Bayle,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
cyberesprit,cyberesprit.fr,cyberesprit,adams.freenode.net
misc,nanardon.zarb.org,Michael Scherer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
patinux,unaffiliated/patinux,patinux,karatkievich.freenode.net
SpinnyJamGoSpun,wrongplanet/smuckerz,Thomas M. Klapötke,barjavel.freenode.net
LordLionM,wrongplanet/lordlion,LO Kam Tao Leo,wilhelm.freenode.net
allicat,unaffiliated/ecstasia,my account date is a lie,rajaniemi.freenode.net
GaelicGrime,unaffiliated/wblaylock,Gaelic Grime,wilhelm.freenode.net
Arbition,unaffiliated/arbition,James May,asimov.freenode.net
CutieCat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tsfdrykseblwfbzd,CutieCat,leguin.freenode.net
Bateau,ssh/security-architect/Section9,Ghost,leguin.freenode.net
boten,unaffiliated/anderson/bot/boten,Bots have no real names,orwell.freenode.net
stonelore,unaffiliated/stonelore,New Now Know How,tepper.freenode.net
LordLion,wrongplanet/lordlion,LO Kam Tao Leo,asimov.freenode.net
BotZ,unaffiliated/ktllo/bot/botz,botz,card.freenode.net
AntiSpamMeta,AntiSpamMeta/.,http://antispammeta.net,leguin.freenode.net
Section9,ssh/security-architect/Section9,Section9,adams.freenode.net
Solipsist,2001:bc8:26bc:104::3,Solipsist,wolfe.freenode.net
BotV,sonoran.sigint.pw,BotV,weber.freenode.net
Thete,unaffiliated/thete,Thete,karatkievich.freenode.net
Guest7917,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rfdhvbzywzfimalu,Chance Callahan,adams.freenode.net
IndigoTiger,sahara.sigint.pw,Bradley Shaw,wolfe.freenode.net
Hermione,unaffiliated/quirkycarla,QuirkyCarla,orwell.freenode.net
luckybunny,wrongplanet/luckybunny,luckybunny,wolfe.freenode.net
QuirkyCarla,unaffiliated/quirkycarla,New Now Know How,leguin.freenode.net
JackMc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qcgbvzlypuwxwhvq,Jack McCracken,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
delphine,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jdcqbjvscrmvtgtq,Delphine Ménard,adams.freenode.net
MrJmad,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yrlcnhrburvmbmaj,Jean-Michel ARMAND,wilhelm.freenode.net
ZEROF,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-dqcnyvnzohiarohe,Na,tepper.freenode.net
drustan,bunny.pilat.me,Tristan,wolfe.freenode.net
jlecour_,minions.wishbed.net,Jérémy Lecour,orwell.freenode.net
Bes`,2001:4b98:dc0:47:216:3eff:fe6e:81aa,Bec",sinisalo.freenode.net
oon,unaffiliated/oon,oon,orwell.freenode.net
jlecour,monitoring.evolix.net,Jeremy Lecour,wolfe.freenode.net
clrh,163.172.44.130,Claire,barjavel.freenode.net
fraggle_,2a02-8429-803d-d401-0227-0eff-fe0f-1727.rev.sfr.net,J�r�me Benoit,niven.freenode.net
glebelg,2a01:e34:ed81:c720:240b:b44c:10a2:68df,realname,adams.freenode.net
seirl,144.76.140.199,serialk,adams.freenode.net
reg,monitoring.ipv6.evolix.net,Gregory Colpart,adams.freenode.net
kivutar,95.130.13.198,Jean-André Santoni,rajaniemi.freenode.net
manjaro-kde5,175.128.171.95.rev.sfr.net,manjaro-kde5,orwell.freenode.net
seb_fox,dozer.sdubois.net,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
lionel-,unaffiliated/lionel-,purple,barjavel.freenode.net
oliv`,unaffiliated/oliv/x-362383,olivier,barjavel.freenode.net
emorino,monitoring.evolix.net,Eric,niven.freenode.net
atome,sandbox.devmind.net,Arnaud,rajaniemi.freenode.net
term-inal,134.117.39.62.rev.sfr.net,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
nahuel,barbot.ahtna.org,Nahuel,hitchcock.freenode.net
floreal,2a01:e34:ec27:8030::1337,Floréal (RPi),adams.freenode.net
Erawan,unaffiliated/erawanarifnugroh,Erawan Arif Nugroho,adams.freenode.net
Tristan-Speccy,213.163.67.18,Tristan,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
vultr,unaffiliated/vultr,Vultr,sinisalo.freenode.net
adunsmuir,142.114.34.33,purple,adams.freenode.net
dustfinger,d198-166-37-46.abhsia.telus.net,unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
AstralStorm,unaffiliated/astralstorm,Radoslaw Szkodzinski,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
siruf,unaffiliated/motley,siruf,verne.freenode.net
lapion,axion.xs4all.nl,axion,weber.freenode.net
korutsu,ravissant.xnet.fi,Mikko Kortelainen,barjavel.freenode.net
riddle,us.yunix.net,decadance,karatkievich.freenode.net
ggherdov-,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lksoozvjdnfopqdp,Giovanni Gherdovich,wolfe.freenode.net
RikuKawai,hatsune.thisis.moe,RikuKawai,weber.freenode.net
RussellB28,radon.rbradford.me,Russell M Bradford,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
PCLine_,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-ddckzxacjietywjp,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,barjavel.freenode.net
gilbertw1_,ec2-52-91-154-1.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Bryan Gilbert,adams.freenode.net
AlexB,elastic/staff/alexb,Alex Brasetvik,barjavel.freenode.net
MadWasp,2a01:4f8:101:3004::2,jniebuhr,niven.freenode.net
Guest60035,unaffiliated/exa,exa,rajaniemi.freenode.net
SkyRocknRoll,unaffiliated/skyrocknroll,SkyRocknRoll,karatkievich.freenode.net
_janne,punainen.org,Janne Hietam�ki,adams.freenode.net
dpn`,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:feae:acd1,David Novakovic,leguin.freenode.net
pjan,198.199.105.245,pjan,adams.freenode.net
rektide_,eldergods.com,rektide,orwell.freenode.net
masterzen,node.masterzen.fr,masterzen,barjavel.freenode.net
Leon,81-94-171-47.customer.itmastaren.net,Leon Radley,wolfe.freenode.net
Chepra,summer.c137.eu,Bjoern Haeuser,wilhelm.freenode.net
aboudreault,osgeo/member/aboudreault,Alan Boudreault,barjavel.freenode.net
multibot_,ec2-54-162-223-193.compute-1.amazonaws.com,PircBotX 2.0.1, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bo,tepper.freenode.net
Lucas[Keios],89-68-204-13.dynamic.chello.pl,purple,orwell.freenode.net
scav,li445-177.members.linode.com,scav,asimov.freenode.net
mtz,kirk.fixme.se,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
eddsteel,eddsteel.com,Edd Steel,adams.freenode.net
Skyr,mail.surfsolution.de,stefan,tepper.freenode.net
olbpeter1son,c83-248-130-72.bredband.comhem.se,olb,weber.freenode.net
OddDuck,unaffiliated/oddduck,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
Uatec,pinacle4.uatec.net,uatec,asimov.freenode.net
marcelh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-opcduzzfyvjmkdug,Marcel,wolfe.freenode.net
amiri,cpe-45-48-101-136.socal.res.rr.com,Amiri Barksdale,asimov.freenode.net
Magnifikus,v22016052270234672.happysrv.de,magni,card.freenode.net
tjdett,IPv6.Sagittarius.PanicBNC.net,tjdett,karatkievich.freenode.net
lino,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-snzwvfcjcvwddxgn,Lino,karatkievich.freenode.net
bbradley,104.128.224.33,bbradley,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Muflo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zwygwohikiyflpos,Muflo,wilhelm.freenode.net
chriswk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nhffckiaqucierha,Christopher Kolstad,verne.freenode.net
herme5,unaffiliated/codingkevin,mote,asimov.freenode.net
aztak,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-fxwhxzhqswxxkpaj,Anders Engström,leguin.freenode.net
LeNsTR,unaffiliated/lenstr,lenstr,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Kephael_,unaffiliated/kephael,PersonalJ,card.freenode.net
pltmnky,64.85.168.188,Cody Lee,karatkievich.freenode.net
_jungh4ns,static.184.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,junghans,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bofh,pool-96-233-113-104.bstnma.fios.verizon.net,bofh,wolfe.freenode.net
eean,amarok/developer/eean,Ian,wilhelm.freenode.net
nolski,irc.jwf.io,Mike Nolan,orwell.freenode.net
dispalt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sslcrcukqurzuhjx,Dan Di Spaltro,adams.freenode.net
psino,unaffiliated/psino,Njal Karevoll,tepper.freenode.net
yooman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dgrcoelfhxxwspal,Mike Turley,wilhelm.freenode.net
zeeman,ns.sebastianjust.de,Sebastian,niven.freenode.net
willb,104-159-211-104.dhcp.eucl.wi.charter.com,William Benton,weber.freenode.net
bwmcadams___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wnqqhaskrociadam,Brendan McAdams,weber.freenode.net
cold_sauce,border.phoenix.squiffypwn.com,cold_sauce,asimov.freenode.net
dud,2a02:1205:505f:5dc0:50f6:882a:e789:b3ff,Rafal Kowalski,niven.freenode.net
mal``,68.ip-149-56-14.net,mal``,rajaniemi.freenode.net
plaguedentity,pool-173-54-121-247.nwrknj.fios.verizon.net,realname,niven.freenode.net
circ-user-QJY8M,85.253.199.77.cable.starman.ee,A CIRC user,hitchcock.freenode.net
SpellChecker,94.76.72.131,SpellChecker,karatkievich.freenode.net
SJr,S0106c43dc7a31386.vf.shawcable.net,Steve,niven.freenode.net
gazarsgo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ubgnlmhpywtgfpbu,Ralph Tice,wilhelm.freenode.net
shmallow_zombie,2604:6000:ca45:1600:bde:8236:6e80:7630,shmallow_zombie,wilhelm.freenode.net
ourmando,2605:6000:8901:9e00:a00:27ff:fe6c:5738,ourmando,wolfe.freenode.net
twitch153,gentoo/developer/twitch153,Devan Franchini,tepper.freenode.net
soulio_,pool-98-118-178-108.bflony.fios.verizon.net,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
blueness_,gentoo/developer/blueness,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
johnsu01,fsf/staff/johnsu01,John Sullivan,barjavel.freenode.net
madix,april/staff/madix,Frederic Couchet,wilhelm.freenode.net
marxistvegan,fsf/staff/marxistvegan,stephen,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
amelia_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-txvczwruczizcswm,Amelia,adams.freenode.net
arossdotme,host-84-13-235-112.opaltelecom.net,Alexander,sinisalo.freenode.net
KingPin,bela.kpsn.org,kingpin,card.freenode.net
irick,psychological.predisposition.net,mouse,karatkievich.freenode.net
EricK,unaffiliated/erick,EricK,rajaniemi.freenode.net
DrMacinyasha,unaffiliated/drmacinyasha,https://macinyasha.net/+,leguin.freenode.net
eyeballer,unaffiliated/eyeballer,eyeballer,adams.freenode.net
c0ded,2607:5300:60:69b1:2f41:c2fd:f13c:48fa,c0ded,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kevank,freenode/sponsor/kevank,Kevan Kay,niven.freenode.net
Zanzibar,unaffiliated/zanzibar,Coffee Is Good For You!,adams.freenode.net
pq,194.136.85.206,Pekka Paalanen,tepper.freenode.net
DarthGandalf,znc/developer/DarthGandalf,5Welstiel Massing,wolfe.freenode.net
Jackneill,unaffiliated/jackneill,Jackneill,leguin.freenode.net
Robert_S,104.132.53.80,Robert_S,card.freenode.net
dywi,schedar.uberspace.de,n/a,wolfe.freenode.net
hakatashi,104.131.49.125,hakatashi,tepper.freenode.net
vin-ivar,unaffiliated/vin-ivar,Vin Ivar,wilhelm.freenode.net
Util,hack.p6c.org,Bruce Gray,hitchcock.freenode.net
jgeboski,unaffiliated/jgeboski,jgeboski,orwell.freenode.net
austin987,cpe-72-182-39-163.austin.res.rr.com,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
psbrandt,c-73-53-59-5.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,Pascal Brandt,karatkievich.freenode.net
Guest66666,nyaa.kragniz.eu,nyaa,weber.freenode.net
jn__,ip-176-198-213-92.hsi05.unitymediagroup.de,Nope.,karatkievich.freenode.net
StefanJaindl,gateway/shell/catrobat/x-lhhdwhdwkygweepa,StefanJaindl,card.freenode.net
jave,h-235-62.a149.priv.bahnhof.se,joakim verona,barjavel.freenode.net
jkridner,pdpc/supporter/active/jkridner,jkridner,leguin.freenode.net
loganaden,208.95.3.4,loganaden,card.freenode.net
olly,2406:e006:2b77:1:310e:a06d:93c2:2a4f,Olly Betts,wolfe.freenode.net
byte512,h37n2-um-a32.ias.bredband.telia.com,user,karatkievich.freenode.net
pinak,gateway/shell/kde/x-ezibdqtrrwzvoipk,Pinak Ahuja,adams.freenode.net
gevaerts,rockbox/developer/gevaerts,Frank Gevaerts,orwell.freenode.net
abhinand_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pcfexghmrvhnoukw,Abhinand,sinisalo.freenode.net
downey,fsf/member/downey,Michael Downey,wilhelm.freenode.net
spectei,unaffiliated/spectie,Francis Tyers,orwell.freenode.net
puckipedia,puckipedia.com,:P,hitchcock.freenode.net
irsol,unaffiliated/contempt,irsol,adams.freenode.net
gambatte,bitcoinshell.mooo.com,idk,asimov.freenode.net
oleavr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yhisquxowlgmrssk,Ole André Vadla Ravnås,niven.freenode.net
kzemek,gateway/shell/kde/x-jgsxhkyqyithhweu,Konrad Zemek,niven.freenode.net
bluesomewhere,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gwatzwouqpcvsicl,Josh Simmons,karatkievich.freenode.net
Snuupy,unaffiliated/snuupy,Snuupy,wolfe.freenode.net
abhgangwar,kde/developer/agangwar,Abhinav Gangwar,adams.freenode.net
seadog007,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gjuoujlrqbxmuyma,seadog007,rajaniemi.freenode.net
LukasReschke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kmoldgbzpshcqarx,Lukas Reschke,wilhelm.freenode.net
alicef,gentoo/developer/alicef,none,roddenberry.freenode.net
armalcolite,ec2-54-89-37-251.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Pinkesh Badjatiya,verne.freenode.net
MCM-Mike,unaffiliated/mcm-mike,Mike,wolfe.freenode.net
darnir,195-154-184-205.rev.poneytelecom.eu,darnir,asimov.freenode.net
bitner,2001:19f0:300:61b2:5400:ff:fe13:3fba,David Bitner,wolfe.freenode.net
_S_treboR,nat/google/x-jbnrvrcwfglkxlak,Robert Spier,barjavel.freenode.net
icodemachine,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-bcitltwyvrawmsch,icodemachine,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mordante,wesnoth/developer/mordante,mordante,wolfe.freenode.net
blast007,bzflag/developer/Blast,blast,tepper.freenode.net
lh_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dqkorkvzvwtmkdxf,Leslie Hawthorn,adams.freenode.net
jose,ubuntu/member/jose,José Antonio Rey,orwell.freenode.net
riot,gateway/shell/c-base/x-oqckmaxgfjuvaadn,riot,orwell.freenode.net
tonythomas,wikimedia/-01tonythomas,Tony Thomas,sinisalo.freenode.net
DJWillis,82.33.113.205,John Willis,wilhelm.freenode.net
alphonse23_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tukqyuettmgaccly,Sean Westfall,wilhelm.freenode.net
jefrite,45.63.76.107,jef rite,rajaniemi.freenode.net
antimist,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-qzwunvtchvldrryz,antimist,leguin.freenode.net
ajeffrey_,2620:101:8016:74::5:221,Alan Jeffrey,wolfe.freenode.net
Mamarok,amarok/team/mamarok,Myriam Schweingruber,adams.freenode.net
rich0_,gentoo/developer/rich0,Richard Freeman,rajaniemi.freenode.net
thomasbonte,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-trhurbailqwoyuhu,Thomas Bonte,wilhelm.freenode.net
JoshW_,unaffiliated/joshwambua,Joseph Joshua,niven.freenode.net
durksauce,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hghgmuhoqlnqehri,Nicholas,wolfe.freenode.net
Fuuzetsu,37.139.11.195,Shana,karatkievich.freenode.net
Lord_of_Life,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-fjncxyxeskzugpwv,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,sinisalo.freenode.net
sushant94,128.199.153.79,AXXE,asimov.freenode.net
yashsriv,mail.yashsriv.org,Yash Srivastav,verne.freenode.net
paulomotta,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wyusjonhghhydssj,Paulo Motta,adams.freenode.net
docpaul,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hpxceqqqcykbjygk,Paul Biondich,rajaniemi.freenode.net
warthog9,proxy.monkeyblade.net,John 'Warthog9' Hawley,card.freenode.net
oddvar,oddvar.org,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
Hardolaf,hardolaf.com,Joe,adams.freenode.net
terri,proxy.monkeyblade.net,Terri O,wilhelm.freenode.net
weltall,planeshift/developer/weltall,weltall,roddenberry.freenode.net
sagarhani,fedora/sagarhani,sagarhani,leguin.freenode.net
fraggle_,2a02-8429-803d-d401-0227-0eff-fe0f-1727.rev.sfr.net,J�r�me Benoit,niven.freenode.net
mRokita,unaffiliated/htmldp,Michał Rokita,orwell.freenode.net
kushal,fedora/kushal,Kushal Das,asimov.freenode.net
anshuman73,gateway/shell/xshellz/x-fzslvosbgrqpheok,Anshuman73,weber.freenode.net
jethrofloyd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fauiagktyupekqik,Ritobroto,leguin.freenode.net
sonney2k,7nn.de,"Soeren Sonnenburg",karatkievich.freenode.net
michaelni,213-47-41-20.cable.dynamic.surfer.at,Michael,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Guest28451,irc.tox.im,Coup Shitlord,wolfe.freenode.net
plonk,unaffiliated/plonk,plonk,barjavel.freenode.net
ArneBab_,55d46f67.access.ecotel.net,Quassel IRC User,barjavel.freenode.net
mithro,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qncttiyftwgszozp,Tim 'mithro' Ansell,leguin.freenode.net
swills,freebsd/developer/swills,realname,card.freenode.net
pocmo,2620:101:8016:74::5:174,pocmo,wolfe.freenode.net
ajpiano,li98-57.members.linode.com,adam j. sontag,leguin.freenode.net
DeepDiver,mail.tmit.eu,DeepDiver,tepper.freenode.net
Turl,cyanogenmod/maintainer/Turl,<insert something here>,leguin.freenode.net
Marc,phpbb/manager/marc,Marc,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tyage,tyage.net,tyage,orwell.freenode.net
fg,52.28.101.160,Got ZNC?,tepper.freenode.net
libracious,catchpenny.cf,Tahaa Karim,karatkievich.freenode.net
Gunni,kjarni/gunni,Gunni,wolfe.freenode.net
VarunAgw_,unaffiliated/varunagw,Varun Agrawal,barjavel.freenode.net
joyceg,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hhnmchssjzlptzdd,geojoy,karatkievich.freenode.net
dhanush,gateway/shell/firrre/x-smietghbmisbmcvm,dhanush,wilhelm.freenode.net
L30n4rd0__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kpyuxgfcgcilrocu,Leonardo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
|Kev|,static.103.77.4.46.clients.your-server.de,Kevin Smith,weber.freenode.net
si14,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ektiwlrlyrcqmutp,Dmitry Groshev,wilhelm.freenode.net
riddle,us.yunix.net,decadance,karatkievich.freenode.net
d3r1ck,104.130.131.7,root,asimov.freenode.net
David_Honeynet,unaffiliated/david-honeynet,David Watson,niven.freenode.net
Ch3ck,66-118-151-70.static.sagonet.net,Nyah Check,barjavel.freenode.net
v1z_,177.107.225.85,R1(4r)0 F433Rl,weber.freenode.net
Jeremy_Rand_2,ip68-97-35-223.ok.ok.cox.net,Jeremy_Rand,karatkievich.freenode.net
vivekp,unaffiliated/vivekp,Vivek Pal,card.freenode.net
Enthralled,unaffiliated/dxdydz,Enthraled,orwell.freenode.net
Nilesh_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pgmkvyekqhalwmet,Nilesh Kokane,leguin.freenode.net
MichaelC,phpbb/manager/MichaelC,Michael,adams.freenode.net
aj007,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-lmxigldpamgkkwfk,aj007,karatkievich.freenode.net
PulkoMandy,aus31-1-78-207-239-160.fbx.proxad.net,Adrien Destugues,barjavel.freenode.net
Nicofuma,phpbb/developer/nicofuma,Tristan Darricau,asimov.freenode.net
fhackdroid,fedora/fhackdroid,fhackdroid,karatkievich.freenode.net
MatthiasMueller,gateway/shell/catrobat/x-eseudvyoyqfjilis,MatthiasMueller,asimov.freenode.net
MatthewWilkes,thedistillery.eu,Matthew Wilkes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
perepujal,134.pool85-55-125.dynamic.orange.es,Pere Pujal,tepper.freenode.net
skat00sh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fmoqusjisplptnbr,Devendra,niven.freenode.net
varunchitre15,139.59.5.161,Varun Chitre,niven.freenode.net
bshah,kde/bshah,Bhushan Shah,adams.freenode.net
dboys_,46.149.82.197,dboys,orwell.freenode.net
_flow__,star.geekplace.eu,none,leguin.freenode.net
rahul8698,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-anckqiwclsadofay,Rahul Singh,wilhelm.freenode.net
CARAM__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kpxfucbwpjptaaom,Max Stritzi,adams.freenode.net
jordan`,2001:41d0:2:e9d5::1,gromit,karatkievich.freenode.net
ries,D979C7EF.cm-3-2d.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
tcoppi,tcoppi.net,obsessed,weber.freenode.net
nikhita,103.221.70.85,Nikhita,leguin.freenode.net
hatim,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ijhdhigyzwhlgfng,Hatim Kanchwala,niven.freenode.net
Freso,musicbrainz/user/Freso,Frederik “Freso” S. Olesen,zelazny.freenode.net
VarunAgw,unaffiliated/varunagw,Varun Agrawal,orwell.freenode.net
schnizzle,bergmeister.tirol,schnizzle,hitchcock.freenode.net
g33kyaditya_away,gateway/shell/kde/x-hzrelsggmkhfwkyz,Aditya Dev Sharma,adams.freenode.net
lasconic,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ixckyfxdjlxszbck,lasconic,wilhelm.freenode.net
woffy,gateway/shell/kde/x-ykljzbucqkhrubmm,Francesco Wofford,adams.freenode.net
ZeekHuge,59.88.169.3,Zubeen Tolani,tepper.freenode.net
ng420,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-ctlhwhmjjmqxidvy,Nishant Gupta,karatkievich.freenode.net
bee2502,irc.jwf.io,Bee,adams.freenode.net
janluca,Wikimedia/Jan-Luca,Jan Naumann,wilhelm.freenode.net
r0bby,guifications/user/r0bby,Robert O'Connor,wolfe.freenode.net
c0riolis,2607:5300:60:2885::1,Matthieu Tardy,niven.freenode.net
Tahir,202.69.11.16,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
valorie,amarok/team/valorie,Valorie Zimmerman,adams.freenode.net
BenjaminDeuter,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-crmhqqofbogtvvog,Benjamin Deuter,leguin.freenode.net
gsocbot,2a01:238:43f4:b800:ddbd:43d1:822b:a5bd,GSoC Bot, my owner is kblin,adams.freenode.net
giraffe,gateway/shell/firrre/x-priqdhkweggqsqus,skarn,asimov.freenode.net
legoktm,wikipedia/Legoktm,legoktm,karatkievich.freenode.net
olasd,pdpc/supporter/active/olasd,Nicolas Dandrimont,wilhelm.freenode.net
17SAAC49A,128.199.106.74,Sayan Chowdhury,card.freenode.net
thc202,unaffiliated/thc202,thc202,adams.freenode.net
anchal,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ducaiezltuymgxam,Anchal Pandey,wilhelm.freenode.net
jzaefferer,gateway/shell/jquery.com/x-tkgflokslrvzkrvb,Jörn Zaefferer,karatkievich.freenode.net
Dr-Shadow,unaffiliated/dr-shadow,|,barjavel.freenode.net
crowell,unaffiliated/crowell,Jeffrey Crowell,barjavel.freenode.net
rvolosatovs,95.85.19.233,weechat,adams.freenode.net
TobiasFar,2a01:4f8:160:5109::1:4,T Markmann,niven.freenode.net
innocenat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-twtkqvmlobnirrjn,innocenat,karatkievich.freenode.net
oleg-nenashev,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-janmwydyzeqqqxgc,Oleg Nenashev,sinisalo.freenode.net
Earthwings,kde/nienhueser,Dennis Nienh�ser,wilhelm.freenode.net
rcurtin,knife.lugatgt.org,Ryan Curtin,hitchcock.freenode.net
digitalcircuit,2605:6000:1518:8027:ec4:7aff:fe6b:c6b0,Shane,wolfe.freenode.net
miselin,pdpc/supporter/student/pcmattman,Matthew Iselin,wolfe.freenode.net
martinr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ngtwvdxbiyykvpvt,Martin Roth,niven.freenode.net
RT|Chatzilla,reactos/tester/RT,N/A,tepper.freenode.net
trig-ger,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ywmreuslpukjrewu,Andrey M. Tokarev,adams.freenode.net
pranith_,senna.cc.gt.atl.ga.us,pranith,rajaniemi.freenode.net
woodruffw,unaffiliated/cpt-yossarian/x-8375832,William Woodruff,asimov.freenode.net
KolibriOS|yogev,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cycltyhjvsoupbjh,Yogev Ezra,barjavel.freenode.net
mrtadis,vi.k.slotkus.lt,Tadas Slotkus,wilhelm.freenode.net
Ivanovic,wesnoth/developer/ivanovic,Ivanovics Bouncer,karatkievich.freenode.net
LegendThinker,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-grqklmruxyvzkfhl,LegendThinker,adams.freenode.net
eMBee,foresight/developer/pike/programmer,Martin B�hr,niven.freenode.net
asdofindia,gateway/shell/firrre/x-shykpjizcdviacyr,akshay,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sug4r,unaffiliated/sug4r,Sug4r,karatkievich.freenode.net
mal``,68.ip-149-56-14.net,mal``,rajaniemi.freenode.net
_gypcio,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xuxqeehjmciikpun,Vinícius Zavam,wolfe.freenode.net
naderman,phpbb/manager/naderman,Nils Adermann,tepper.freenode.net
fqueze,ns3001302.ip-37-59-48.eu,Florian Quèze,leguin.freenode.net
scorche`,rockbox/administrator/scorche,_,adams.freenode.net
Tobbi,supertux/tobbi,Tobias Markus,karatkievich.freenode.net
jmb,mail.parsifal.org.uk,jmb,sinisalo.freenode.net
icey,canonical/icey,Chris MacNaughton,wolfe.freenode.net
ggherdov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vbwaayesufqmtyef,Giovanni Gherdovich,rajaniemi.freenode.net
itachi_uchiha_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rlmalkznopnvvxfc,Punyaslok,wilhelm.freenode.net
rajul,node-w22.pool-125-24.dynamic.totbb.net,Rajul,verne.freenode.net
koike,50.57.74.102,Helen Koike,niven.freenode.net
Soliton,wesnoth/developer/soliton,Soliton,orwell.freenode.net
DarthCodus,gateway/shell/kde/x-mmutijytzzlgrulv,Anmol Ahuja,adams.freenode.net
Haxxa,120.147.48.206,Harrison,weber.freenode.net
Massy,cust-95-80-53-215.csbnet.se,Massy,leguin.freenode.net
heller,roath.org,Thomas Heller,niven.freenode.net
AudaciousTUX,unaffiliated/audacioustux,tanjim,hitchcock.freenode.net
Boquete,139.59.136.171,Pete Antosh,niven.freenode.net
nurupo,unaffiliated/nurupo,nurupo.ga,adams.freenode.net
keonkim,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-everysyslstapjqv,keonkim,rajaniemi.freenode.net
atdotde_,euve10195.vserver.de,Robert Helling,rajaniemi.freenode.net
arschmitz,gateway/shell/jquery.com/x-wxcxkmoeceokezrg,Alexander Schmitz,card.freenode.net
cdesai,cyanogenmod/maintainer/cdesai,Chirayu Desai,wilhelm.freenode.net
gavinatkinson,2001:630:61:4000:785e:deec:d784:1e90,Gavin Atkinson,sinisalo.freenode.net
SirCmpwn,irc.sircmpwn.com,Drew DeVault,adams.freenode.net
Adr1,2001:41d0:8:da8c::1,adr1,wolfe.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
Nightrose,kde/lydia,Lydia Pintscher,tepper.freenode.net
cave,178.112.21.82.wireless.dyn.drei.com,cave,kornbluth.freenode.net
lu_zero,gentoo/developer/lu-zero,lu_zero,verne.freenode.net
aloiscochard,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wfrbmiyckodmnunm,Alois Cochard,tepper.freenode.net
m2n,unaffiliated/m2n,Manish Malik,barjavel.freenode.net
thiago,kde/thiago,Thiago Macieira,leguin.freenode.net
vultraz,wesnoth/developer/vultraz,New Now Know How,orwell.freenode.net
infobot,rikers.org,TimRiker's infobot,sinisalo.freenode.net
Taggnostr,host95-6-dynamic.50-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,Ezio Melotti,card.freenode.net
dreimark,moinmoin/coreteam/reimar,Reimar Bauer,sinisalo.freenode.net
Adam,unaffiliated/adam-,Adam,niven.freenode.net
Desoxy,propane.zqnr.de,Desoxy,hitchcock.freenode.net
CuriousLearner,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-yvwqwzxbhklkzyry,"Sanyam Khurana",wilhelm.freenode.net
Mek,kde/mkruisselbrink,Marijn Kruisselbrink,verne.freenode.net
gmcharlt,www.librarypolice.com,Galen Charlton,weber.freenode.net
dbs,li22-101.members.linode.com,Dan Scott,leguin.freenode.net
lool0,108.61.208.181,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
jekil,nino.lonerunners.net,jekil,adams.freenode.net
c0mrad3,fedora/dhanvi,Tummala Dhanvi (c0mrad3),adams.freenode.net
gvso,host-133.58.217.201.copaco.com.py,realname,adams.freenode.net
meflin,c-50-170-180-175.hsd1.co.comcast.net,James Lopeman,leguin.freenode.net
kais58,88.98.85.222,Callum Massey,barjavel.freenode.net
goberle,jot.ygg.tf,Guillaume Oberl�,wolfe.freenode.net
kaldoran,cable-192.222.205.239.electronicbox.net,Nicolas Reynaud,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Manishearth,wikipedia/Manishearth,Manish Goregaokar,adams.freenode.net
reda,unaffiliated/reda,reda,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tbr,mail.bfst.de,Thomas B. Ruecker,niven.freenode.net
kblin,samba/team/kai,Kai Blin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
john51,15255.s.t4vps.eu,John,sinisalo.freenode.net
drawkward,gateway/shell/kde/x-oixegxwljwnbtrwx,M.S.Adityan,adams.freenode.net
jop,37.48.78.96,jop,verne.freenode.net
teepee,unaffiliated/teepee,teepee,tepper.freenode.net
Crofton|work,pool-108-44-116-162.ronkva.east.verizon.net,Philip Balister,rajaniemi.freenode.net
aditi_gupta_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-osysllsftznnbukq,Aditi Gupta,karatkievich.freenode.net
tctara,128.199.61.169,Chantara Tith,niven.freenode.net
zacksh,2001:4800:7812:514:e0c8:953e:ff04:f7da,zack,adams.freenode.net
lossyrob,66.212.12.106,Rob,hitchcock.freenode.net
bmpvieira,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bqwffgholyledrcj,bmpvieira,wilhelm.freenode.net
FRAJ,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-ylxsreeknckscwuy,Into the Wild.,karatkievich.freenode.net
AlexP11223,78-56-60-143.static.zebra.lt,1Alex,wilhelm.freenode.net
devyani7_,fedora/devyani7,devyani7,wilhelm.freenode.net
sayan,fedora/sayan,sayan,adams.freenode.net
linuxmodder,fedora/linuxmodder,linuxmodder,sinisalo.freenode.net
vincent_c,vcheng.org,Vincent Cheng,weber.freenode.net
Calchan,gentoo/developer/calchan,Denis Dupeyron,weber.freenode.net
CFS-MP3b,162-245-20-150.PUBLIC.monkeybrains.net,Carlos,wilhelm.freenode.net
Niharika,wikimedia/NiharikaKohli,Niharika,adams.freenode.net
neverendingo,kde/www/imalchow,Ingo Malchow,adams.freenode.net
Uli-,apache/committer/uli,Ulrich Stärk,card.freenode.net
bpye,unaffiliated/bpye,Ben,adams.freenode.net
Sewar,unaffiliated/sewar,Sewar,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gruetzkopf,captured-elf.dont-follow-me.eu,gruetzkopf,kornbluth.freenode.net
Impyy,unaffiliated/imperative,impy,wilhelm.freenode.net
Hav3nl,gateway/shell/firrre/x-wmxkfnwgeazwgedg,Nikhil Peter Raj,wolfe.freenode.net
wwalker,68.168.119.154,Unknown,niven.freenode.net
Tadas,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-shanjfhmtwyevhil,Tadas,wolfe.freenode.net
fractal,unaffiliated/scounder,fractal,wolfe.freenode.net
GIANT_CRAB,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xryuovxjulaewoji,Huiren Woo,wolfe.freenode.net
yrashk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-htbpkxwivmghucqf,Yurii Rashkovskii,leguin.freenode.net
Laurenzo,shell.metropolia.fi,Lauri Rutanen,orwell.freenode.net
james_woods,zentrale1.com,Tobi,barjavel.freenode.net
murph,welcome.to.the.darkside.panicbnc.us,murph,wolfe.freenode.net
brianm,apache/committer/brianm,Brian,hitchcock.freenode.net
huhlig,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eweisqkpzostekvg,Hans W. Uhlig,wolfe.freenode.net
yawkat,cats.coffee,Jonas Konrad,wilhelm.freenode.net
AlHafoudh,echo.freevision.sk,Ahmed Al Hafoudh,wilhelm.freenode.net
wyvern,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hekfttkedrsgbjqq,wyvern,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
_asl_,c-73-24-16-241.hsd1.mn.comcast.net,purple,barjavel.freenode.net
vdl,147.ip-167-114-97.net,vivien,orwell.freenode.net
vidplace7,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kdegbaljbplgpxld,vid,wolfe.freenode.net
book`_,68.ip-149-56-14.net,book,wolfe.freenode.net
rat,unaffiliated/rat,rat,leguin.freenode.net
aclonedsheep,unaffiliated/aclonedsheep,Got ZNC?,asimov.freenode.net
michael`,unaffiliated/inm,Got ZNC?,tepper.freenode.net
zifnab,where.are.all.the.sexypenguins.at,is wearing pants,karatkievich.freenode.net
BtbN,unaffiliated/btbn,Timo R.,tepper.freenode.net
TD-Linux,about/essy/indecisive/TD-Linux,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
BBB,pool-96-246-175-85.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,Ronald Bultje,karatkievich.freenode.net
haasn,haasn.xyz,haasn,rajaniemi.freenode.net
philipl,2601:647:4100:c576:ec4:7aff:fe53:d016,Philip Langdale,sinisalo.freenode.net
igitoor,unaffiliated/contempt,igitur,rajaniemi.freenode.net
markos_,91.180.59.96,Konstantinos Margaritis,leguin.freenode.net
Gusar,194.152.24.58,Gusar,wilhelm.freenode.net
wbs,77.234.104.34,Martin Storsjö,barjavel.freenode.net
exobuzz,cpc69064-oxfd26-2-0-cust48.4-3.cable.virginm.net,Jools Wills,verne.freenode.net
durandal_1707,31.45.225.163,AndChat235809,orwell.freenode.net
nevcairiel,WoWUIDev/WoWAce/Ace3/nevcairiel,Hendrik,leguin.freenode.net
keith,kodi/staff/keith,keith,karatkievich.freenode.net
pengvado,akuvian.org,el pinguino malvado,adams.freenode.net
Akira^^_,KD113159196223.ppp-bb.dion.ne.jp,Akira,adams.freenode.net
cbsrobot,89.217.14.46.static.wline.lns.sme.cust.swisscom.ch,cbsrobot,weber.freenode.net
mateo`,2001:41d0:8:e195::1,Matthieu Bouron,wolfe.freenode.net
debianuser,93.75.131.219,debianuser,karatkievich.freenode.net
RiCON,fsbn.eu,wut,verne.freenode.net
klaxa,new.klaxa.eu,Stephan,asimov.freenode.net
wm4,ns379744.ip-5-196-70.eu,wm4,barjavel.freenode.net
ps-auxw,p578F7C51.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,-,weber.freenode.net
Rodeo,xdsl-31-164-74-125.adslplus.ch,Tim,card.freenode.net
ubitux,pkh.me,ubitux,karatkievich.freenode.net
Venti^,koivu.la,Ari Koivula,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Gramner,81-227-53-67-no27.tbcn.telia.com,Gramner,card.freenode.net
andrey_utkin,decent.im,andrey_utkin,wolfe.freenode.net
peloverde,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hidzvjoamfjiuukh,Alex Converse,orwell.freenode.net
bigpet,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zinqbqcysijpsfag,Peter Tissen,sinisalo.freenode.net
av500,2003:a:174:e400:224:8cff:fe9f:d658,av500,wolfe.freenode.net
zyme,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fjjiztzgpqjatkdj,zyme,wilhelm.freenode.net
oorm,188.226.170.11,no,karatkievich.freenode.net
kraft,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-yzagzsggfjafsanb,Na,orwell.freenode.net
wizonesolutions,drupal.org/user/739994/view,WizOne Solutions,sinisalo.freenode.net
u0m3,188.25.14.68,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
xaiki,tacuarembo.rhack.net,Niv Sardi,barjavel.freenode.net
mrklintscher,p54A8ECE1.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,mrklintscher,karatkievich.freenode.net
Holbrook,srd.me.uk,Holbrook Bunting,hitchcock.freenode.net
ebail,2607:fad8:4:6:dc8d:3c12:ccef:b0e8,Eloi BAIL,sinisalo.freenode.net
JEEB,unaffiliated/jeeb,Jan E,wolfe.freenode.net
CapsAdmin,ti0115a400-1403.bb.online.no,realname,card.freenode.net
j0sh__,li95-163.members.linode.com,Josh Allmann,asimov.freenode.net
Shiz,hydrogenium.shiz.me,Shiz,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ShadowJK,212.7.198.194,jk,card.freenode.net
omerjerk,139.59.3.175,Mohammad Umair,leguin.freenode.net
kinetik,121.98.51.0,Matthew Gregan,card.freenode.net
coralisk,irc.vegjs.io,Coral,rajaniemi.freenode.net
moser,14.146.32.156,...,hitchcock.freenode.net
cantstanya,unaffiliated/cantstanya,chatting,wolfe.freenode.net
rcombs,irc.rcombs.me,Rodger Combs,sinisalo.freenode.net
Wessie,vps265.directvps.nl,Wessie,verne.freenode.net
c_14,unaffiliated/c-14/x-8913907,Radiocarbon,barjavel.freenode.net
beta|afk,monitor.windit.de,betablockerfreenode,wilhelm.freenode.net
darkapex,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-eyrbunncvhsorauq,Jai Luthra,karatkievich.freenode.net
blb,unaffiliated/bryno,b,sinisalo.freenode.net
jkqxz,jkqxz.net,MRT,card.freenode.net
fflogger,apolo.teamnet.rs,Logging bot for ffmpeg channel,orwell.freenode.net
Anssi,kodi/staff/anssi,Anssi Hannula,verne.freenode.net
RT|Chatzilla,reactos/tester/RT,N/A,tepper.freenode.net
Mista_D,66.207.203.114,...,asimov.freenode.net
Mavrik,virag.si,Jernej,asimov.freenode.net
RushPL,2a01:4f8:172:1413::2,Damian Kaczmarek,niven.freenode.net
uau,dsl-hkibrasgw1-58c08f-126.dhcp.inet.fi,uau,adams.freenode.net
Jaex,ShareX/Developer/Jaex,https://getsharex.com,weber.freenode.net
jarryd,im.jarryd.net,jarryd,karatkievich.freenode.net
starkline,c-76-120-65-230.hsd1.co.comcast.net,esa_mush,barjavel.freenode.net
kvz,177.75.197.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,Kevin van Zonneveld,adams.freenode.net
Kei_N,unaffiliated/kei/x-756452,User,asimov.freenode.net
phh,2001:41d0:2:126c::,Pierre-Hugues Husson,karatkievich.freenode.net
lexano,CPEa021b7ac59c9-CMf0f249028110.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,Alex Luccisano,wilhelm.freenode.net
dagobert________,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wunuqfxplscrgqcw,Dagobert Duck,wolfe.freenode.net
espes,205.185.120.132,espes,hitchcock.freenode.net
gnafu,catfish.xiph.osuosl.org,Gideon Mayhak,sinisalo.freenode.net
tchebb,pool-108-20-213-147.bstnma.fios.verizon.net,Thomas Hebb,wilhelm.freenode.net
Chloe,unaffiliated/chloe,chloe,niven.freenode.net
Timothy_Gu,wikipedia/timothy-gu,Timothy Gu,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ggherdov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vbwaayesufqmtyef,Giovanni Gherdovich,rajaniemi.freenode.net
_MelchiorGaspar,c-73-219-104-206.hsd1.nh.comcast.net,Joseph DeVore,barjavel.freenode.net
fritsch,kodi/staff/fritsch,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
RT|AO,mirbsd/mksh-user/rtao,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
_fortis,static.141.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,fortis,wilhelm.freenode.net
jermy,pinkstuff.publication.org.uk,Jeremy James,asimov.freenode.net
dlb76,unaffiliated/dlb76,dlb76,rajaniemi.freenode.net
BasisBit,bka.li,basisbit,verne.freenode.net
atomnuker,2001:19f0:7401:8382:5400:ff:fe25:33aa,Rostislav Pehlivanov,wilhelm.freenode.net
cone-946,albiero.videolan.org,irker relaying client,wolfe.freenode.net
pross,iceland.sdf.org,Peter Ross,weber.freenode.net
bove,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dkppegfxowcvsmwv,Bengt Ove Sannes,adams.freenode.net
Nothing4You,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
thardin,h-39-109.a258.priv.bahnhof.se,Tomas Härdin,orwell.freenode.net
mateo`_,AMontsouris-653-1-6-37.w86-212.abo.wanadoo.fr,mateo,wilhelm.freenode.net
muken,p1780048-ipngn16101marunouchi.tokyo.ocn.ne.jp,Yusuke Nakamura,hitchcock.freenode.net
telex,freeshell.de,telex,tepper.freenode.net
ritsuka,209.141.45.253,Damiano Galassi,asimov.freenode.net
podman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tsmagdzwppsikaqp,podman,adams.freenode.net
Nightrose,kde/lydia,Lydia Pintscher,tepper.freenode.net
TheRyuu,unaffiliated/theryuu,TheRyuu,card.freenode.net
pigoz,ns379744.ip-5-196-70.eu,pigoz,orwell.freenode.net
tjablin,192.80.111.38,Thomas B. Jablin,,,,adams.freenode.net
teratorn,2a01:4f8:191:80a1:29::62a7,teratorn,wilhelm.freenode.net
michaelni,213-47-41-20.cable.dynamic.surfer.at,Michael,rajaniemi.freenode.net
henry0312,animeo.jp,henry0312,asimov.freenode.net
kode54,losno.co,Christopher Snowhill,card.freenode.net
drv,oak.drv.nu,Daniel Verkamp,niven.freenode.net
Cloudef,dsl-jklbrasgw1-54fb10-2.dhcp.inet.fi,Cloudef,card.freenode.net
ocrete,unaffiliated/ocrete,Olivier Crete,barjavel.freenode.net
tmm1,c-73-170-238-81.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Media,barjavel.freenode.net
runawayfive,unaffiliated/runawayfive,nope,karatkievich.freenode.net
Plorkyeran,plorkyeran.com,Plorkyeran,orwell.freenode.net
reynaldo,tesla.opendot.cl,rverdejo,verne.freenode.net
microchip_,opensuse/member/microchip8,pinche pendejo,sinisalo.freenode.net
trn,prone.ws,Jeff Johnson,asimov.freenode.net
flarunt,your.stupidity.violates.me,flarunt,orwell.freenode.net
iconnor_,mail.connortechnology.com,Isaac Connor,,,,orwell.freenode.net
cebreidian,45.63.76.107,Don't Panic,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MrZeus,81.144.218.162,realname,verne.freenode.net
dkc,55.ip-158-69-215.net,dkc,card.freenode.net
mixi,exherbo/developer/mixi,mixi,card.freenode.net
j-b,storm.l0cal.com,Jean-Baptiste KEMPF,verne.freenode.net
JodaZ,unaffiliated/jodaz,joda,karatkievich.freenode.net
tmatth,cable-173.246.2-21.ebox.ca,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
luzie,unaffiliated/ne,bunny,orwell.freenode.net
funman,rockbox/developer/funman,Rafaël Carré,wolfe.freenode.net
kasper93,unaffiliated/kasper93,kasper93,orwell.freenode.net
feepk,videolan/developer/feepk,Felix Paul Kühne,barjavel.freenode.net
tizbac,2001:41d0:51:1::a01,Tiziano,adams.freenode.net
malisas_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ookzdhypdkqnppfu,Malisa,wilhelm.freenode.net
smarter,ubuntu/member/smarter,Guillaume Martres,adams.freenode.net
rodgort,68.ip-149-56-14.net,rodgort,card.freenode.net
lesderid,anna.lesderid.net,Les De Ridder,wilhelm.freenode.net
relaxed,unaffiliated/relaxed,relaxed,verne.freenode.net
Matador,quebecois.smoothstreams.tv,Matador,weber.freenode.net
iFire,unaffiliated/ifire,iFire,hitchcock.freenode.net
gix,x5f708b7f.dyn.telefonica.de,gix,niven.freenode.net
flux,coffee.modeemi.fi,Erkki Seppälä,wilhelm.freenode.net
hreinnbeck,157.157.65.90,Hreinn Beck,weber.freenode.net
roxlu,185.85.81.6,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
superdump,unaffiliated/superdump,Robert Swain,wolfe.freenode.net
termos,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yjzgxobsulrfhcxf,Ole Andre Birkedal,adams.freenode.net
bofh_,corn-syrup.csclub.uwaterloo.ca,bofh,wolfe.freenode.net
dro_bot,182-166-157-196f1.kyt1.eonet.ne.jp,dro_bot,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kwizart,fedora/kwizart,Nicolas Chauvet,niven.freenode.net
wcpan,wcpan.me,wcpan,tepper.freenode.net
bencoh,unaffiliated/bencoh/x-184637,Benjamin Cohen,asimov.freenode.net
Orphis,adam.orphis.net,Orphis,orwell.freenode.net
PaulCapestany,2604:5500:17:2ea:5c15:40e6:5986:2db4,Paul Capestany,wilhelm.freenode.net
CFS-MP3b,162-245-20-150.PUBLIC.monkeybrains.net,Carlos,wilhelm.freenode.net
Myrsloik,kimsufi.warpsharp.info,Myr Sloik,wolfe.freenode.net
Threads,2001:41d0:a:64b2::1,Threads,adams.freenode.net
sfan5,unaffiliated/sfan5,kitten,niven.freenode.net
trfl,62-210-82-123.rev.poneytelecom.eu,ed,orwell.freenode.net
jya,gateway/web/mozilla/x-zvuxuhwpidofuycq,Jean-Yves Avenard,rajaniemi.freenode.net
`md,moe01.estaog.info,md,wolfe.freenode.net
horlicks,tickle.compsoc.man.ac.uk,Simon Horlick,orwell.freenode.net
Compn,97-71-16-25.res.bhn.net,reallynotabot,orwell.freenode.net
rexbron,2605:6400:2:fed5:22:b127:8ab2:bf93,Andrew Hunter,niven.freenode.net
wonchul,2a00:1098:0:82:1000:25:2eeb:e3e4,Wonchul Lee,niven.freenode.net
iive,unaffiliated/iive,iive,sinisalo.freenode.net
lamneth,modemcable080.114-202-24.mc.videotron.ca,The Chat Cool People Use,tepper.freenode.net
eMBee,foresight/developer/pike/programmer,Martin B�hr,niven.freenode.net
_bladez_,124-171-165-225.dyn.iinet.net.au,Blaz Segavac,orwell.freenode.net
jacobe,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hgeokluygrsnwuio,JuiceSSH Developer,adams.freenode.net
betawaffle,ec2-174-129-19-107.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Andrew Hodges,asimov.freenode.net
grossing,pdpc/supporter/silver/grossing,Florian Gross,wolfe.freenode.net
danmichaelo,wikipedia/Danmichaelo,danmichaelo,adams.freenode.net
ddrown,vps3.drown.org,ddrown,wilhelm.freenode.net
MrTrick,115.187.236.96,MrTrick,rajaniemi.freenode.net
grawity,virgule.cluenet.org,Mantas Mikulėnas <grawity@gmail.com>,niven.freenode.net
gamingrobot,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-havgtiscrxbwiung,Morgan Creekmore,adams.freenode.net
f8l,dhcp95-108-67-92.eaw.com.pl,f8l,wolfe.freenode.net
CGML,unaffiliated/cgml,CGML,barjavel.freenode.net
ketas,200-62-46-176.dyn.estpak.ee,181.6GB U160-SCSI 68-pin 16MB cache 15000rpm,adams.freenode.net
hooty,forge.kuroneko.ca,Eric Dorland,wilhelm.freenode.net
nesciens_,gamma.ixsop.nl,Unknown,card.freenode.net
yanome,freenode/staff-emeritus/yano,my idle time is a lie,barjavel.freenode.net
qvr_,qvr.fi,Matti Hiljanen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
broder,ubuntu/member/broder,Evan Broder,adams.freenode.net
tclamb,ec2-54-191-40-165.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Thomas Lamb,wolfe.freenode.net
zi,freebsd/developer/zi,ping: cannot resolve reality,adams.freenode.net
h12o,www7164u.blessedgeeks.org,HOSONO Hidetomo,asimov.freenode.net
meti,unaffiliated/meti,meti,verne.freenode.net
hax404,alfred.hax404.de,hax404,niven.freenode.net
panicbit2,p4FE2E627.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,panicbit,asimov.freenode.net
Vostok,kapsi.fi,Lauri Kangas,sinisalo.freenode.net
jgmize,gateway/web/mozilla/x-bbwwtwxfgsadvsxd,Josh Mize,tepper.freenode.net
kinlo,unaffiliated/kinlo,Peter,barjavel.freenode.net
apejens,numbat.inamo.no,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
quesker,c-73-151-65-89.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,duh,tepper.freenode.net
m0ltar,159.203.35.170,m0ltar,barjavel.freenode.net
ipsecguy,dslb-092-073-021-138.092.073.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Andreas,tepper.freenode.net
simlay,97-126-58-104.tukw.qwest.net,simlay,leguin.freenode.net
Tristitia,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,One with Darkness,sinisalo.freenode.net
fornwall,23.229.0.146,u0_a110,karatkievich.freenode.net
nethershaw,unaffiliated/nethershaw,ora pro pluvis.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
amiconn,rockbox/developer/amiconn,Jens,rajaniemi.freenode.net
txtsd,198.23.246.143,Herpington Derpson,asimov.freenode.net
dazo,openvpn/corp/developer/dazo,David S.,karatkievich.freenode.net
DrKK`,unaffiliated/drkk/x-3450090,DrKK,adams.freenode.net
atommann,111.222.11.13,Long Li,wolfe.freenode.net
andatche,mule.andatche.com,Ben Arblaster,wolfe.freenode.net
KeithW,18.9.64.17,Keith Winstein,wolfe.freenode.net
lazybear,radium.atom.fi,lazybear,asimov.freenode.net
alok,unaffiliated/alok,alok,card.freenode.net
Heiki,kuha.sr2.fi,Heikki Piirainen,asimov.freenode.net
cgull,216-15-121-172.c3-0.smr-ubr2.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com,cgull,wilhelm.freenode.net
MoALTz,77-254-9-16.adsl.inetia.pl,NOYFB,asimov.freenode.net
iaglium,45.63.76.107,iaglium,barjavel.freenode.net
pdostal,grape.pdostal.cz,Pavel Dostal,niven.freenode.net
bdrewery,freebsd/developer/bdrewery,Bryan Drewery <bdrewery@FreeBSD.org>,leguin.freenode.net
LongyanG,15255.s.t4vps.eu,long yang,wolfe.freenode.net
bitchecker,31.131.20.132,bitchecker,adams.freenode.net
Wraithh,lakka.kapsi.fi,Ilkka Sovanto,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Meeh,193.150.121.77,Mikal Villa,wilhelm.freenode.net
Boulet,mars.boulet.re,Boulet,asimov.freenode.net
Sthebig,unaffiliated/sthebig,sthebig,card.freenode.net
GGMethos,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fea8:426e,methos,niven.freenode.net
hardlined,splitdna.com,hardlined,wolfe.freenode.net
JayCie,leneveu.fr,Jean-Charles Leneveu,barjavel.freenode.net
fling,fsf/member/fling,fling,card.freenode.net
djinni,68.ip-149-56-14.net,djinni,karatkievich.freenode.net
Herb_Tarlek,104.245.34.24,FN_Herb,weber.freenode.net
dx,unaffiliated/dxdx,dx,niven.freenode.net
comboy,tesuji.pl,comboy,weber.freenode.net
workthrick,2400:8901::f03c:91ff:fee4:bf3,mathrick,niven.freenode.net
Terminal_Draugen,s19276771.onlinehome-server.com,badomun,rajaniemi.freenode.net
NoGy,p579DC5C0.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Bastian Mueller,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
revere,unaffiliated/revere,revere,barjavel.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
tribut,unaffiliated/vendor,tribut,verne.freenode.net
Synergiance,lsv1.synerfiles.info,Synergiance,weber.freenode.net
icedp,unaffiliated/icedp,_,barjavel.freenode.net
eichin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lmarevegpfwggagh,Mark Eichin,adams.freenode.net
mugu,pdpc/supporter/active/mugu,kevin,karatkievich.freenode.net
chris2,vuxu.org,Christian Neukirchen,niven.freenode.net
zz_timnovinger,216.70.80.59,Tim Novinger,wolfe.freenode.net
achin,overviewer/dev/achin,achin,card.freenode.net
thunfisch,unaffiliated/jkoppe,thunfisch,card.freenode.net
trn,prone.ws,Jeff Johnson,asimov.freenode.net
TestingIRC,176.59.134.222,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
jazka,b0xi.eu,jaska,hitchcock.freenode.net
jamesbvaughan,cpe-45-49-139-132.socal.res.rr.com,James Vaughan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
deepy,wrongplanet/deepa,deepy,niven.freenode.net
Kronuz,unaffiliated/kronuz,German M. Bravo,wolfe.freenode.net
andersk,buzzword-bingo.mit.edu,andersk,asimov.freenode.net
fionnan,cube.netsoc.tcd.ie,Fionnan Alt,verne.freenode.net
Gunni,kjarni/gunni,Gunni,wolfe.freenode.net
nelhage,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-myhgangirbsuoajg,Nelson Elhage,adams.freenode.net
arlen,unaffiliated/arlen,arlen,wolfe.freenode.net
Hirvinen,hirvinen.fi,Patrik Hirvinen,weber.freenode.net
p1k,ec2-52-67-53-196.sa-east-1.compute.amazonaws.com,pik,wolfe.freenode.net
SAL9000,101.166.208.194,SAL9000,card.freenode.net
superminor2,2607:5300:60:1b63::1,super,wolfe.freenode.net
WeNDoR,unaffiliated/wendor,WeNDoR,rajaniemi.freenode.net
riddle,us.yunix.net,decadance,karatkievich.freenode.net
lesderid,anna.lesderid.net,Les De Ridder,wilhelm.freenode.net
robink,unaffilated/robink,Robin Kauffman,card.freenode.net
aestheti1,vps.inthout.eu,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
mva,gentoo/contributor/mva,Vadim A. Misbakh-Soloviov,card.freenode.net
raccccoon,irchelp/raccoon,Keeper Of The Keys.,adams.freenode.net
saltsa,dsl-hkibrasgw1-58c018-65.dhcp.inet.fi,Joonas Aunola,barjavel.freenode.net
danmichaelo_,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe16:75bb,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
kjetilho,njus.no,Kjetil Torgrim Homme,asimov.freenode.net
murb,an.der.schoenen.blauen.danu.be,"Bill Boughton - 47426",wilhelm.freenode.net
siruf,unaffiliated/motley,siruf,verne.freenode.net
m0viefreak,unaffiliated/m0viefreak,asdf,tepper.freenode.net
son1c,znc.son1c-network.net,son1c,rajaniemi.freenode.net
PaulCapestany,2604:5500:17:2ea:5c15:40e6:5986:2db4,Paul Capestany,wilhelm.freenode.net
techiem2-r,techiem2.net,Mark D Montgomery II,barjavel.freenode.net
stnly,128.199.82.216,stnly,card.freenode.net
Zougloub,zougloub.eu,cJ,karatkievich.freenode.net
luto,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tzsdxtrdzkrsvwjy,luto,wilhelm.freenode.net
nesthib,unaffiliated/nesthib,nesthib,barjavel.freenode.net
ExeciN,bnc.stormbit.net,nicexe,weber.freenode.net
artnay,149.210.169.37,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
Ciblia,unaffiliated/mikaela,Mikaela Suomalainen <https://mikaela.info/>,niven.freenode.net
Mirv,dsl-hkibrasgw3-58c0fc-85.dhcp.inet.fi,Timo Jyrinki,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tomin,84.ip-149-202-57.eu,Tomi Leppänen,orwell.freenode.net
heikki,ubuntu/member/heikki,Heikki Mäntysaari,verne.freenode.net
Tm_T,ubuntu/member/kde.developer.jkekkonen,Tm_T is also known as Jussi Kekkonen,leguin.freenode.net
jjo,kapsi.fi,Janne Johansson,wolfe.freenode.net
tale,37.59.237.213,Tapio Lehtonen,hitchcock.freenode.net
Crazyguy,nitrogen.crazyguy.info,Tero Pihlaja,barjavel.freenode.net
ninnnu,battery.modeemi.fi,Nina Kuisma,orwell.freenode.net
pesasa,dsl-tkubrasgw1-50df65-66.dhcp.inet.fi,Petri Salmela,wolfe.freenode.net
knome,ubuntu/member/knome,Pasi Lallinaho,adams.freenode.net
ath,hilla.kapsi.fi,Aleksi Hankalahti,weber.freenode.net
HeikkilaM,kapsi.fi,Mikko Heikkilä,weber.freenode.net
Mikaela,unaffiliated/mikaela,Mikaela Suomalainen <https://mikaela.info/>,wilhelm.freenode.net
Heikkila,hilla.kapsi.fi,Mikko Heikkilä,adams.freenode.net
dr__house|away,unaffiliated/drhouse/x-385045,Santosh G Vattam,weber.freenode.net
sirfranklin,31.214.242.165,Florian Lindemann,verne.freenode.net
hesham,2402:1800:4000:1:6600:6aff:fe6b:1752,purple,wilhelm.freenode.net
edwardk,haskell/developer/edwardk,Edward Kmett,sinisalo.freenode.net
stryx`,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,stryx,karatkievich.freenode.net
dougk_,2620:15c:6:411:35bd:6e6c:1bc0:3864,Douglas Katzman,rajaniemi.freenode.net
benjamint,82.33.218.74,benjamint,asimov.freenode.net
indy,shadow.kastnerove.cz,jkjr,card.freenode.net
seadog007,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gjuoujlrqbxmuyma,seadog007,rajaniemi.freenode.net
noselasd,ti0168a400-0595.bb.online.no,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
modwizcode_,e3-1270v3.bl-ash0.1.1.2.10.k8.securedservers.com,Iris Johnson,asimov.freenode.net
Boquete,139.59.136.171,Pete Antosh,niven.freenode.net
guerby,april/board/guerby,Laurent GUERBY,sinisalo.freenode.net
darnir,195-154-184-205.rev.poneytelecom.eu,darnir,asimov.freenode.net
mumptai,x4e32e3f6.dyn.telefonica.de,Calle,card.freenode.net
commander,h1845246.stratoserver.net,Roland 'LinuxCommando' Wittmann,asimov.freenode.net
Mali,2001:41d0:a:5d0::1,elen,adams.freenode.net
beng-nl,pc-020965.clients.vu.nl,beng,tepper.freenode.net
cdesai,cyanogenmod/maintainer/cdesai,Chirayu Desai,wilhelm.freenode.net
rtems-irc,bot.rtems.org,Supybot 0.83.4.1,niven.freenode.net
guillaum1,89-156-121-90.rev.numericable.fr,Guillaume Legris,barjavel.freenode.net
jkridner,pdpc/supporter/active/jkridner,jkridner,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
rokka,109.204.235.59,rokka,rajaniemi.freenode.net
peerst,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mncjdmiubomjzsrg,Peer Stritzinger,card.freenode.net
glysbaysb,pD95E0783.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,purple,adams.freenode.net
kiwichris_,msc1401703.lnk.telstra.net,Chris Johns,barjavel.freenode.net
rtems-trac,bot.rtems.org,None,niven.freenode.net
mithro,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qncttiyftwgszozp,Tim 'mithro' Ansell,leguin.freenode.net
bbhoss,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gbaergtcssplpzdr,Preston Marshall,wolfe.freenode.net
geheimnis`,23.226.237.192,geheimnis,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gigetoo,c83-250-44-242.bredband.comhem.se,gigetoo,leguin.freenode.net
diginet2,107.170.146.29,John Titor,orwell.freenode.net
gregoryo_,220-253-130-84.dyn.iinet.net.au,Gregory Orange,leguin.freenode.net
Chipdancer,prince-george.dreamhost.com,the Chipdancer,asimov.freenode.net
cactoid,127.176.167.107.bc.googleusercontent.com,user,asimov.freenode.net
drol,phobos.mjch.net,Malcolm Herbert,orwell.freenode.net
trs80,motsugo.ucc.gu.uwa.edu.au,James Andrewartha,roddenberry.freenode.net
Manaz,xfos.com.au,Robert Hudson,rajaniemi.freenode.net
unixnut,power.plug.org.au,Alastair Irvine,karatkievich.freenode.net
Infra|Red,103.16.128.55,Monica Wood,weber.freenode.net
kgoetz,gnewsense/friend/kgoetz,Karl Goetz,adams.freenode.net
wingly,h-72-137.a192.priv.bahnhof.se,Erik,card.freenode.net
CupcakeFury,h-72-137.a192.priv.bahnhof.se,cupcakefury,wilhelm.freenode.net
bautaboten,h-73-250.a192.priv.bahnhof.se,Iam a bot(im still learning how to do this),hitchcock.freenode.net
bulten,h-72-137.a192.priv.bahnhof.se,Rasmus Tilljander,card.freenode.net
poelsa,i19.se,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
la-ah,2607:5300:60:3937:a:0:1:1,Chris,wolfe.freenode.net
samli_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rjkovbhpafnfnbhh,Sam Li,adams.freenode.net
jwheare,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ebjglxzmwixdgcmj,James Wheare,adams.freenode.net
its,arizona.shadowfall.eu,internet sad boy,karatkievich.freenode.net
hasather,2a02:fe0:c131:7c50:e0fb:d551:9d3a:3983,David Håsäther,niven.freenode.net
brbcoding,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-swwvzdyrnbcdtixt,Cody,adams.freenode.net
busticated,c-24-21-207-146.hsd1.or.comcast.net,Textual User,wolfe.freenode.net
darwin_,31-132-16-121.ip.jes.cz,darwin,wolfe.freenode.net
cfleming,updates.cursive-ide.com,Colin Fleming,adams.freenode.net
jvilk_,23.226.232.47,Nintendud,card.freenode.net
yoyoyo_____,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ulgzobuifmzgfxvv,Trent,wolfe.freenode.net
dobson,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dobson,weber.freenode.net
kfenn,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-naucxxdugofnvtme,kfenn,wolfe.freenode.net
richgilbank,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rkfstomzssxmyjyk,Rich Gilbank,orwell.freenode.net
paul_irish_,ve.hsh6wjwx.vesrv.com,Paul Irish,card.freenode.net
early,68.ip-149-56-14.net,early,orwell.freenode.net
mathiasbynens,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ghkrvheuwmbhitpi,Mathias Bynens,wilhelm.freenode.net
jlast_,gateway/web/mozilla/x-hmdxlwrkcfwqfznw,Jason Laster,card.freenode.net
Garbee,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jdrvihdqgtuzvrvo,Jonathan,adams.freenode.net
seu,srv071.come2club.xyz,seu,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zaolin,lunarius.fe80.eu,zaolin,adams.freenode.net
heinrich5991,unaffiliated/heinrich5991,heinrich5991,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Kilo`byte,cucumber.kilobyte22.de,The REAL Kilobyte,asimov.freenode.net
Bryanstein,shellium/admin/bryanstein,Bryan Smith,asimov.freenode.net
pumabot,strugee.net,nodeJS IRC client,karatkievich.freenode.net
ben_thatmustbeme,2601:196:8603:6b46:475:a645:914a:9aec,Ben Roberts,wilhelm.freenode.net
DNS,unaffiliated/dns777,DNS777,orwell.freenode.net
soloojos,gateway/tor-sasl/soloojos,realname,zelazny.freenode.net
Sazius,fsf/member/sazius,Mats Sj�berg,barjavel.freenode.net
larjona,82.159.46.51.dyn.user.ono.com,Laura Arjona Reina,adams.freenode.net
heluecht,manitu.pirati.ca,heluecht,sinisalo.freenode.net
moggers87,2001:ba8:1f1:f27a::1812,Matt Molyneaux,wilhelm.freenode.net
scott_gonzalez,gateway/shell/jquery.com/x-yinkbbhcvzhrrvtz,Scott González,verne.freenode.net
ilpianista,kde/developer/scarpino,Andrea Scarpino,adams.freenode.net
XgF,magi1.paris.fr.node.e43.eu,Owen Shepherd,card.freenode.net
Erkan_Yilmaz,wikimedia/Erkan-Yilmaz,Erkan Yilmaz,hitchcock.freenode.net
johnsu01,fsf/staff/johnsu01,John Sullivan,barjavel.freenode.net
paroneayea,fsf/member/paroneayea,unknown,leguin.freenode.net
tska,2001:67c:1be8::5222:1,WebIRC-User,leguin.freenode.net
jerrykan,whatsit.theintraweb.net,John Kristensen,barjavel.freenode.net
ssweeny,canonical/oem/ssweeny,Scott Sweeny,wilhelm.freenode.net
kabniel_,jonash.se,jonas,verne.freenode.net
chimo,chromic.org,chimo,verne.freenode.net
jxself,gnu/chief-webmaster/jxself,jxself,barjavel.freenode.net
marxistvegan,fsf/staff/marxistvegan,stephen,wolfe.freenode.net
pacovila1,176.10.66.56,Paco Vila. Translator & user,sinisalo.freenode.net
drymer,unaffiliated/drymer,drymer,leguin.freenode.net
carvite,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,carvite,wolfe.freenode.net
JanKusanagi,90.24.23.95.dynamic.jazztel.es,JanKusanagi,asimov.freenode.net
rhiaro,178.62.197.214,rhiaro.co.uk,wilhelm.freenode.net
strugee,strugee.net,Alex Jordan,karatkievich.freenode.net
xmpp-pump,der.ttyh.ru,xmpp-pump,wilhelm.freenode.net
LogKing_,xvm-110-143.dc2.ghst.net,LogKing,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
jouty,jouty-lxc.gandi.net,cburgun,verne.freenode.net
noar,mawlare.net,noar,hitchcock.freenode.net
xelenonz,unaffiliated/xelenonz,xelenonz,barjavel.freenode.net
burb__,ec2-52-34-9-36.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,burb,adams.freenode.net
fuzion24,192.241.137.86,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
RyanWithZombies,45.55.194.163,RyanWithZombies,niven.freenode.net
GGMethos,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fea8:426e,methos,niven.freenode.net
m3liot,unaffiliated/m3liot,m3liot,weber.freenode.net
hecliunyx,45.63.76.107,hecliunyx,leguin.freenode.net
MTW,40.79.46.120,MTW,barjavel.freenode.net
squash,li459-122.members.linode.com,mega dave,barjavel.freenode.net
esdelle,138.75.163.116,~,verne.freenode.net
Taiki,unaffiliated/taiki,Taiki,weber.freenode.net
dotdot,ny.algorhyt.hm,dotdot,karatkievich.freenode.net
jara,217.199.214.222,realname,leguin.freenode.net
acfrazier,opensn0w/developer/acfrazier,Austen Frazier,verne.freenode.net
_0xc010d_,82.196.6.162,eS,verne.freenode.net
vtky,202-150-212-250.rev.ne.com.sg,Vincent,wolfe.freenode.net
jcase,i.write.malware.asia,Justin Case,karatkievich.freenode.net
emdel,cr3.yromem.re,emdel,asimov.freenode.net
rdxrax,ec2-52-26-192-9.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,rdxrax,asimov.freenode.net
q_q,185.21.218.139,q_q,weber.freenode.net
mxms,opensn0w/developer/mxms,m,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cHoco,bebop.choco.me,cHoco,adams.freenode.net
JamieH,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zglwkiwrlxnxtnmh,Jamie,leguin.freenode.net
jduck,aha/metasploit.jduck,Joshua J. Drake,card.freenode.net
alvaro_fe,ns352728.ip-91-121-82.eu,Álvaro Felipe Melchor,rajaniemi.freenode.net
keyboardsmoke,155.94.239.159,root,orwell.freenode.net
ttdennis,v45159.1blu.de,Dennis,asimov.freenode.net
Spydar007,unaffiliated/spydar007,Darcy Marshall,card.freenode.net
BenjaminDeuter,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-crmhqqofbogtvvog,Benjamin Deuter,leguin.freenode.net
graffix222,c-68-61-90-47.hsd1.mi.comcast.net,Greg Himes,orwell.freenode.net
hako,2a01:388:394:112::1:a,hako,adams.freenode.net
r0m,163.172.211.142,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
LuaStoned,luastoned.com,Gregor,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sliden,pool-74-104-183-240.bstnma.fios.verizon.net,sliden,adams.freenode.net
sine,core.nethemba.com,Matthew Sobol,card.freenode.net
dwn,unaffiliated/dwn,car,sinisalo.freenode.net
b3ntx,12.250.63.142,xb3ntx,weber.freenode.net
jifa__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ghtzckjpjkmkyklq,Shahar Tal,wolfe.freenode.net
Fire30,tcorley.me,tjcorley,card.freenode.net
guy_,unaffiliated/guy/x-2189580,guy,adams.freenode.net
jq,unaffiliated/jq-,Jordan Koch,adams.freenode.net
skooch,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-silrxlnsldadnqjq,skooch,leguin.freenode.net
slingr,162.220.9.25,no you,orwell.freenode.net
riscisgood,71.46.230.154,Textual User,barjavel.freenode.net
NotJonSeals,107.170.211.61,stank,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hkr,unaffiliated/hkr/x-6459160,Heidar,tepper.freenode.net
goeo_,2604:a880:1:20::cb:7001,Genco Demir,wolfe.freenode.net
highlandc0w,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pfkzfgfhzkntqktg,highlandc0w,wilhelm.freenode.net
conradev,ec2-52-5-100-155.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Conrad Kramer,card.freenode.net
darkplace,unaffiliated/darkplace,Textual User,adams.freenode.net
haifisch,2604:a880:2:d0::21a:1,haifisch,wolfe.freenode.net
arlo,ec2-52-26-126-77.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Ubuntu,asimov.freenode.net
landaire,ec2-52-35-163-172.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,lander,niven.freenode.net
wmason,c-73-249-151-73.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,wmason,rajaniemi.freenode.net
balrog,unaffiliated/balrog,balrog,orwell.freenode.net
mbilker,ns3006902.ip-178-32-220.eu,Linux,wilhelm.freenode.net
sigkell,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kivisiamcaqpvqua,Fionn Kelleher,adams.freenode.net
early,68.ip-149-56-14.net,early,orwell.freenode.net
mesh,ns505847.ip-198-245-60.net,mesh,card.freenode.net
squiffy,border.phoenix.squiffypwn.com,squiffy,niven.freenode.net
nikias,p5DE8BB86.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Nikias,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Echelon-H,194.90.18.242,realname,leguin.freenode.net
_burrito,vanse.cx,burrito,card.freenode.net
okami41,162.243.163.72,Sam Sharps,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lightbulbone,159.203.23.134,dean,asimov.freenode.net
twodayslate,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vssmlewfgamdewjp,Zac,wolfe.freenode.net
iH8sn0w,me.ih8sn0w.com,iH8sn0w,barjavel.freenode.net
Baboon,baboon.reverser.ninja,Baboon,rajaniemi.freenode.net
qsl1pknotp,208-180-106-111.com.sta.suddenlink.net,...,sinisalo.freenode.net
JusticeEX,pool-72-69-159-108.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,JusticeEX,hitchcock.freenode.net
likvidera,bnc.elakkod.se,likvidera,niven.freenode.net
yrp,unaffiliated/yrp,yrp,hitchcock.freenode.net
Huskehhh,i.am.huskehhh.com,Jordyn (Husky),roddenberry.freenode.net
argp,snf-908.vm.okeanos.grnet.gr,666,card.freenode.net
jibi,77.42.48.126,Jibi,wilhelm.freenode.net
P1kachu,lse.epita.fr,stan,karatkievich.freenode.net
fractalg,216.189.101.103,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
g00se,2601:640:8302:f579:5279:7dd3:a12c:862e,g00se,wilhelm.freenode.net
LongyanG,15255.s.t4vps.eu,long yang,wolfe.freenode.net
spockers,unaffiliated/spockers,You Got Schlonged,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ronyrus,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-kbzuirefjsrpqvpj,ronyrus,karatkievich.freenode.net
Galax,138.91.48.24,Galax,card.freenode.net
THE_GFR|HOME,static-50-53-206-132.bvtn.or.frontiernet.net,...,sinisalo.freenode.net
withere2,tonsit.net,Devon Witherell,rajaniemi.freenode.net
THE_GFR|WORK,208.75.41.10,m,weber.freenode.net
toastcfh_,unaffiliated/toastcfh,Richard Ross,,,,niven.freenode.net
ionelmc,python/site-packages/ionelmc,Ionel Cristian Mărieș,wilhelm.freenode.net
reaperhulk,104.239.134.192,Paul Kehrer,asimov.freenode.net
warner,173-228-80-38.dsl.static.fusionbroadband.com,unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
IntelRNG,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-uvultqbvupkjhlij,IntelRNG,wilhelm.freenode.net
incurian,192.210.135.234,inc,asimov.freenode.net
kimpsi,unaffiliated/kimspindel,kim,leguin.freenode.net
kfarwell,fsf/member/kfarwell,Kyle Farwell,barjavel.freenode.net
Dr-G,unaffiliated/dr-g,Dr-G,wilhelm.freenode.net
nemo,c-73-132-158-178.hsd1.md.comcast.net,In motion in the motile element,card.freenode.net
ppk,112.211.219.64,pppk,barjavel.freenode.net
b0at,c-50-162-6-255.hsd1.tx.comcast.net,b0at,hitchcock.freenode.net
riaqn,unaffiliated/riaqn,Zesen Qian,adams.freenode.net
snacky,ikaruga.co.uk,Unknown,niven.freenode.net
Kanasuke,14-200-218-234.static.tpgi.com.au,realname,tepper.freenode.net
GeneralAntilles,192.210.135.234,Ryan Abel,orwell.freenode.net
xxzz,freebsd/contributor/xxzz,realname,zelazny.freenode.net
conure,192.210.135.234,Coffee,barjavel.freenode.net
_ohm,unaffiliated/-ohm/x-0955948,realname,card.freenode.net
SolarAquarion,the.feds.nullrouted.us,Mechanical Angel Aquarion,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Tonitrus,unaffiliated/tonitrus,tonitrus,hitchcock.freenode.net
armlesshobo,unaffiliated/armlesshobo,Thuglas Adams,niven.freenode.net
priodev,rukia.priodev.net,Carlos,card.freenode.net
ingy,104.236.228.44,ingy,verne.freenode.net
shelling__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mgiodoflwkleavpg,shelling,wolfe.freenode.net
petelewis,polymath.muddygoat.org,Pete Lewis,asimov.freenode.net
GingerDog,irc.palepurple.co.uk,David Goodwin,weber.freenode.net
allison,unaffiliated/alliberry,allison,niven.freenode.net
imofftopic,unaffiliated/imofftopic,One Day peace,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jcjordyn120-fire,2602:302:d115:9450:78c6:a9de:babe:d8f,Jordyn (The Linux Geek),karatkievich.freenode.net
flyback,c-73-154-9-168.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
DRAWNBOX,unaffiliated/drawnbox,DRAWNBOX,wolfe.freenode.net
ParkerR,unaffiliated/parkerr,ParkerR,adams.freenode.net
nyu,lykos/dev/nyuszika7h,nyuszika7h,verne.freenode.net
rickyrick,d154-20-116-123.bchsia.telus.net,rickyrick,asimov.freenode.net
Ioangogo,huwloosley.plus.com,Ioan,orwell.freenode.net
loominol,162-202-67-158.lightspeed.livnmi.sbcglobal.net,loominol,weber.freenode.net
rany,unaffiliated/rany,Rany,card.freenode.net
MetaNova,unaffiliated/metanova,zero-one,wolfe.freenode.net
jcjordyn120,unaffiliated/jcjordyn120,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
Calinou,unaffiliated/calinou,Calinou,hitchcock.freenode.net
Sachiko,unaffiliated/sachiko,Sachiko Shinozaki,niven.freenode.net
agrecascino,172.93.111.202,how about no,karatkievich.freenode.net
Halts,71-82-144-247.dhcp.eucl.wi.charter.com,realname,tepper.freenode.net
Syconaut,c-719be655.015-499-6b6c6d1.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,viper,karatkievich.freenode.net
spider-mario,185.132.73.78,spidermario,card.freenode.net
SuperSeriousCat,unaffiliated/superseriouscat,Andrew,orwell.freenode.net
NanoSector,simplemachines/friend/NanoSector,Yoshi2889,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
shadoxx,107.170.50.151,shadoxx,asimov.freenode.net
weylin,unaffiliated/weylin,Weylin,hitchcock.freenode.net
yokel,unaffiliated/contempt,yokel,wolfe.freenode.net
iJens,unaffiliated/ijens,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
xskoulax-,unaffiliated/xskoulax,skoula,niven.freenode.net
OrderChaos,199.175.55.43,Sean,adams.freenode.net
superoskar,2a00:1838:36:e1::7895,Oskar Bil,niven.freenode.net
Skora,unaffiliated/skora,Skora,card.freenode.net
SonnyBonds,2001:470:bbc9::2,08,02 ★★ Your Best Friend Online ★★,karatkievich.freenode.net
FLHerne,unaffiliated/flherne,Francis Herne,leguin.freenode.net
vishwin_,wikimedia/O,C Li,weber.freenode.net
rindolf,bzq-109-67-100-74.red.bezeqint.net,realname,orwell.freenode.net
alyptik,unaffiliated/alyptik,https://alyp.tk/afraid.gif,verne.freenode.net
garywhite,status.2fy.eu,garywhite,wilhelm.freenode.net
hypn0,unaffiliated/hypn0,h,weber.freenode.net
norkle,unaffiliated/norkle,2 dolla make you holla?,leguin.freenode.net
notadamthing,unaffiliated/nonothing,Owl,sinisalo.freenode.net
Guest19464,2001:470:bbc9::2,12,04 ★ RoboCop ★ 04,12 At Your Service ★,karatkievich.freenode.net
YYZ,2605:e000:160b:81ac:7dc0:b353:841b:5764,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
MillerLite,107.191.50.190,It's Miller Time,asimov.freenode.net
fcseli,c-73-153-10-59.hsd1.co.comcast.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
DragonEyes,unaffiliated/mohan-chml/bot/devilbot,DragonEyes,wilhelm.freenode.net
MatthewAllan93,unaffiliated/matthewallan93,Matthew Allan,wilhelm.freenode.net
orly_owl,unaffiliated/orly-owl/x-3167833,david,asimov.freenode.net
meth,unaffiliated/meth,realname,tepper.freenode.net
nadir,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qdinekdaqfdctjcq,CYBORG 11. Buddy spike.,karatkievich.freenode.net
Category,unaffiliated/category,realname,asimov.freenode.net
vishwin,wikimedia/O,C Li,asimov.freenode.net
Junkrat,host31-49-168-123.range31-49.btcentralplus.com,Junkrat,wilhelm.freenode.net
fireworks,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gbkugbmbsdnyradj,fireworks,sinisalo.freenode.net
dot|not,188.118.218.98,dotnot,wolfe.freenode.net
Maverick,unaffiliated/maverick,Maverick,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChinnoDog,maple.lonesheep.net,Orion,asimov.freenode.net
MrJackson,c-73-175-2-230.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,Mister,tepper.freenode.net
krismaguire,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eumfoaihioreffxg,krismaguire,adams.freenode.net
Time-Warp,mirbsd/fan/time-warp,f0xy,wolfe.freenode.net
MuffinMedic,unaffiliated/muffinmedic,Evan,karatkievich.freenode.net
olivierrr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-buazpdsgzxcvlcrf,olivier,barjavel.freenode.net
sydney_untangle,supertux/sydney,sydney,barjavel.freenode.net
tacocat,unaffiliated/glolol,James,wilhelm.freenode.net
Wasp|,94.2.110.54,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
limbo_,golden.god.jp,DB Cooper,asimov.freenode.net
Krock,unaffiliated/krock,Krock,tepper.freenode.net
Zerock,fsf/member/zerock,realname,tepper.freenode.net
Tools,some.hidden.network,irc://irc.lunarirc.net:+6697/LunarBNC,adams.freenode.net
kiipa,31.220.15.204,kiipa,hitchcock.freenode.net
A731,2001:bc8:2523:101::205,a731,karatkievich.freenode.net
Mathias,unaffiliated/mathias,Mathias,roddenberry.freenode.net
kicksled,unaffiliated/kicksled,kicksled,card.freenode.net
rypervenche,unaffiliated/rypervenche,ryper,leguin.freenode.net
ProClifo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-geeunhntfmdaxtbi,Steffen Eide,orwell.freenode.net
bkero,osuosl/staff/bkero,bkero,adams.freenode.net
BrianBlaze420,unaffiliated/brianblaze,BlazeBrian,karatkievich.freenode.net
mapps,195.166.215.19,kram,barjavel.freenode.net
minsky,But.I.Love.The.Coookies.PanicBNC.com,minsky,karatkievich.freenode.net
shymega,2001:ba8:1f1:f082:216:5eff:fe00:45a,shymega,rajaniemi.freenode.net
grumble,freenode/staff/grumble,grumble,sinisalo.freenode.net
datahead7777,2602:30a:2ca6:c160:d544:8d37:9ce4:166d,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Sketch,new.rednsx.org,Sketch,barjavel.freenode.net
kbdkode,unaffiliated/kbdkode,kbdkode,leguin.freenode.net
MillerBoss,107.191.50.190,Boss Miller,asimov.freenode.net
AFinn-,95.175.104.71,...,niven.freenode.net
MacLemon,78.41.115.224,MacLemon,niven.freenode.net
riftman,zekewolf.estig.ipb.pt,riftman,adams.freenode.net
Habbie,lorentz.7bits.nl,Peter van Dijk,wilhelm.freenode.net
jvb,37.157.197.24,jvb,rajaniemi.freenode.net
arw,impulse.informatik.uni-erlangen.de,arw,hitchcock.freenode.net
k0nsl,unaffiliated/k0nsl,k0nsl (i.am@k0nsl.org),rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
yar,unaffiliated/yar,yar,asimov.freenode.net
Pizzarabe,rzf788.rz.tu-bs.de,Pizzarabe,adams.freenode.net
muelli,x4db01898.dyn.telefonica.de,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
drizzt_,unaffiliated/drizzt/x-4570889,Jens Roesen,karatkievich.freenode.net
corinna,pdpc/supporter/professional/corinna,Corinna Vinschen,verne.freenode.net
DarthGandalf,znc/developer/DarthGandalf,5Welstiel Massing,wolfe.freenode.net
Stromeko,p54B7E8DF.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,ASSI,wilhelm.freenode.net
jturney,host86-141-129-132.range86-141.btcentralplus.com,jon,weber.freenode.net
Elieux,77.93.202.79,purple,asimov.freenode.net
smooge,linode01.smoogespace.com,Stephen Smoogen,verne.freenode.net
davec_,host-69-145-45-32.shr-wy.client.bresnan.net,davec,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
jon_y,2001:e68:4074:46ff:e01f:8e6d:cdca:d0e5,enforcer,karatkievich.freenode.net
mikedep333,ec2-52-205-133-14.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
eblake,redhat/eblake,Eric Blake,karatkievich.freenode.net
adr_,p5B367E61.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,A,leguin.freenode.net
titilambert,titilambert.org,Thibault Cohen,hitchcock.freenode.net
solene,srv.dataswamp.org,Solene Rapenne,wolfe.freenode.net
Boulet,mars.boulet.re,Boulet,asimov.freenode.net
LotR,li60-27.members.linode.com,.,karatkievich.freenode.net
zopieux,unaffiliated/zopieux,Zopieux,hitchcock.freenode.net
the-solipsist,unaffiliated/pranesh,Pranesh Prakash,asimov.freenode.net
roidelapluie,unaffiliated/roidelapluie,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
_flow__,star.geekplace.eu,none,leguin.freenode.net
MAXS,mate.geekplace.eu,MAXS,kornbluth.freenode.net
bfritz,colo.fewerhassles.com,Brad Fritz,weber.freenode.net
bauruine_,213.239.205.247,bauruine,wolfe.freenode.net
Azelphur,znc.azelphur.com,:: www.Azelphur.com ::,niven.freenode.net
thefinn93,unaffiliated/thefinn93,finn,sinisalo.freenode.net
Zauberfisch,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pydxgrnbmdvqalef,Zauberfisch,adams.freenode.net
mitzip,funtoo/staff/mitzip,mitzip,asimov.freenode.net
kronicd,touchmy.kronicd.net,kronicd,wilhelm.freenode.net
u1106,auth.nomovok.info,Uwe Geuder,card.freenode.net
Airwave,20.195.9.46.customer.cdi.no,Airwave,weber.freenode.net
fengshaun,unaffiliated/fengshaun,fengshaun,card.freenode.net
exonumia,94.142.155.227,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
luny,unaffiliated/luny,luny,niven.freenode.net
ypnos,lme51.informatik.uni-erlangen.de,Johannes Jordan,card.freenode.net
pbot_,93-95-226-249.1984.is,ietf.org/rfc/rfc3092,hitchcock.freenode.net
pbot,93-95-226-249.1984.is,ietf.org/rfc/rfc3092,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
peetsa,128.210.109.182,None,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
willikins,gentoo/bot/Willikins,Gentoo Services Bot, based on Ruby bot (c) Giusepp,adams.freenode.net
[Arfrever],apache/committer/Arfrever,Arfrever Frehtes Taifersar Arahesis,niven.freenode.net
Erawan,unaffiliated/erawanarifnugroh,Erawan Arif Nugroho,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
vultr,unaffiliated/vultr,Vultr,sinisalo.freenode.net
Kins,kin.is.super.awesome.remuria.net,Chris M,karatkievich.freenode.net
lt_dan,ec2-54-173-183-37.compute-1.amazonaws.com,lt_dan,asimov.freenode.net
helga,ec2-54-173-183-37.compute-1.amazonaws.com,None,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bigjust,lambdaphil.es,bigjust,card.freenode.net
vowels,samwise.codewarp.net,ludwigv,barjavel.freenode.net
domenkozar,v22014052224618709.yourvserver.net,ielectric,karatkievich.freenode.net
zephyrxero,c-73-43-234-70.hsd1.ga.comcast.net,realname,adams.freenode.net
thepeopleseason,2602:306:c472:c4f0:5de5:27b5:998a:861e,jhsiao,wilhelm.freenode.net
mransom,ransomsoft.com,Mark Ransom,niven.freenode.net
kcunning,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pojprmvddntcyxuh,katie.fulton@gmail.com,wolfe.freenode.net
palendae,2001:4802:7800:2:be76:4eff:fe20:a6e2,Nolan Brubaker,karatkievich.freenode.net
narfman0,nagios.blastedstudios.com,Jon Robison,rajaniemi.freenode.net
b8sell,66.199.13.2,realname,niven.freenode.net
west575,c-24-99-7-71.hsd1.ga.comcast.net,Will Estes,asimov.freenode.net
vilmibm,45.55.23.91,the world is ugly and its people are sad,adams.freenode.net
PeaWork,66.6.147.81,Larry Green,sinisalo.freenode.net
croddy,mail.roddy.cc,Chris Roddy,wolfe.freenode.net
sduncan,ec2-54-173-183-37.compute-1.amazonaws.com,sduncan,adams.freenode.net
centyx,centyx.net,Centyx Centalix,karatkievich.freenode.net
nthdegree_zz,2604:9a00:2010:a005:b::12c,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
andrewschoen,192.237.167.184,Andrew Schoen,barjavel.freenode.net
coddingtonbear,latestrevision.net,Adam Coddington,orwell.freenode.net
datagrok,cpe-172-89-124-180.socal.res.rr.com,Michael F. Lamb,orwell.freenode.net
alkapwn,107.170.20.195,alkapwn,asimov.freenode.net
j0rd,unaffiliated/j0rd-/x-9112651,Mr. J0rd_,roddenberry.freenode.net
McBot,122-59-26-221.jetstream.xtra.co.nz,McBot,roddenberry.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
yoda1410,aether.hipocoon.be,Antoine Patte,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
don-harry,findus.citizen-network.be,don-harry,adams.freenode.net
starlie,gentoo.i5.eleet.be,logs & stats http://www.prout.be/logs.html,asimov.freenode.net
joe111,haxelion.eu,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
nW44b,unaffiliated/benwa,Schnitzel,asimov.freenode.net
dgonyeo,csh/dgonyeo,Derek Gonyeo,wilhelm.freenode.net
lootheli1n,104.131.124.72,Liam Middlebrook,adams.freenode.net
graphiclunarkid-,darkpeak.org,graphiclunarkid,barjavel.freenode.net
mbooth,redhat/mbooth,Mat Booth,adams.freenode.net
shoup,45.63.76.107,Slick,leguin.freenode.net
chrisc,proxy.webarch.net,chris,barjavel.freenode.net
poggy,ks3262860.kimsufi.com,Freenode,adams.freenode.net
edds_axe,darkpeak.org,Dark Peak ZNC User,adams.freenode.net
caolanm,darkpeak.org,Caolan,barjavel.freenode.net
allegary,apache/committer/gjm,Gary Martin,barjavel.freenode.net
lewiscowper,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jzrkwgdcjnfkcnwl,Lewis Cowper,niven.freenode.net
graenol,darkpeak.org,Graenol - DarkPeak,hitchcock.freenode.net
potomak,2604:a880:800:10::539:100e,potomak,wilhelm.freenode.net
bugant,vmi66245.contabo.host,bugant,card.freenode.net
Cisphyx,li586-61.members.linode.com,Unknown,niven.freenode.net
tehExodus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hckxxbbkswsfcepm,John Smith,sinisalo.freenode.net
Altimor,47.198.102.2,...,orwell.freenode.net
MrGlass,unaffiliated/mrglass,Mr. Glass,adams.freenode.net
yosafbridge,68.ip-149-56-14.net,yosafbridge,orwell.freenode.net
appl,saucetel.com,* I'm too lame to read BitchX.doc *,card.freenode.net
elbie,baka.trig.net,Christopher Calzonetti,asimov.freenode.net
Abstrct,saucetel.com,Abstrct,orwell.freenode.net
AkiTensai,67-6-218-162.hlrn.qwest.net,purple,adams.freenode.net
tigereye,stripe.tigereye.ca,Tigereye,asimov.freenode.net
sloucher,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rfurctdpnnmavhvr,Tom Gray,wolfe.freenode.net
midnightmagic,unaffiliated/midnightmagic,midnightmagic,weber.freenode.net
Iridos,unaffiliated/iridos,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
CoJaBo,unaffiliated/cojabo,aztec,adams.freenode.net
aedinius,unaffiliated/aedinius,andrewb,verne.freenode.net
gnugr,unaffiliated/gnugr,Got ZNC?,niven.freenode.net
cra1g321,104.238.135.77,craig,karatkievich.freenode.net
teclo-,unaffiliated/teclo,There is a bustle in my hedgerow,leguin.freenode.net
ParkerR,unaffiliated/parkerr,ParkerR,adams.freenode.net
hecliunyx,45.63.76.107,hecliunyx,leguin.freenode.net
Stummi,stummi.org,Michael Stummvoll,tepper.freenode.net
wingman2,web.innestech.net,andrew innes,orwell.freenode.net
Tsutsukakushi,163.172.151.191,Yui Hirasawa,leguin.freenode.net
phorce1_home,pdpc/supporter/active/phorce1,Gerald,orwell.freenode.net
Brian-,brian.by,brian,weber.freenode.net
n-st,unaffiliated/n-st,n.st,karatkievich.freenode.net
Devastator,unaffiliated/devastator,devas,weber.freenode.net
Jdbye,me.jdbye.com,Furry, and damn proud of it!,asimov.freenode.net
Guest21509,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-pharnipehyrsjbni,Riccardo Bello,sinisalo.freenode.net
cheapie,li904-16.members.linode.com,cheapie,niven.freenode.net
electrostat,unaffiliated/electrostat,daglyfe,leguin.freenode.net
afx237,107.170.10.178,c'mon you cunt, lets have some aphex acid,verne.freenode.net
eichiro,107.191.100.185,eichiro,card.freenode.net
ikonia,unaffiliated/ikonia,Matt Darcy,wilhelm.freenode.net
chalcedony,unaffiliated/chalcedony,Thesaurus,wilhelm.freenode.net
xakz,lzi22-h01-176-128-22-91.dsl.sta.abo.bbox.fr,katwa,adams.freenode.net
dvs,cwv.teksavvy.com,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
CatBehemoth,lnglpq6100w-lp130-02-76-65-86-84.dsl.bell.ca,vasyl,karatkievich.freenode.net
SynrGy,debian/developer/synrg,Ben Armstrong,barjavel.freenode.net
Velveeta_Chef,fsf/member/Velveeta-Chef,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
vvande,66.244.241.35,vvande,wilhelm.freenode.net
Hestben,c-31-209-31-52.cust.bredband2.com,Robot,card.freenode.net
CompWizdr,dhcp-108-170-188-212.cable.user.start.ca,compwiz,wilhelm.freenode.net
pfote,unaffiliated/pfote,pfote,rajaniemi.freenode.net
james41382,unaffiliated/james41382,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
hexnewbie,91.234.93.181,My Real Name,niven.freenode.net
LeandroLuiz,unaffiliated/leandroluiz,LLP,hitchcock.freenode.net
joeytwiddle,162.243.115.31,Joey Twiddle,asimov.freenode.net
Mokuba_K,2001:470:8b06:100:d85b:e2c6:193c:eaed,Hunterkll,karatkievich.freenode.net
notadamthing,unaffiliated/nonothing,Owl,sinisalo.freenode.net
djinni`,68.ip-149-56-14.net,djinni,weber.freenode.net
bchroneos,hipste.rs,a pioneer of aerodynamics,weber.freenode.net
SirLagz,ppp174-176.static.internode.on.net,SirLagz,leguin.freenode.net
c0ded,2607:5300:60:69b1:2f41:c2fd:f13c:48fa,c0ded,rajaniemi.freenode.net
petn-randall,azuma.rocketjump.eu,petn-randall,kornbluth.freenode.net
RikuKawai,hatsune.thisis.moe,RikuKawai,weber.freenode.net
fooctrl,a200072.upc-a.chello.nl,Adnan Hodzic,sinisalo.freenode.net
spossiba,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,spossiba,wilhelm.freenode.net
kmd,nottelling.net,magick777,kornbluth.freenode.net
AkQ,akq.fi,akq,hitchcock.freenode.net
kmh,planck.hamich.net,Kai Michael Hamich,niven.freenode.net
aindilis,173-165-36-107-Illinois.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,Andrew Dougherty,rajaniemi.freenode.net
RyanKnack,unaffiliated/ryanknack,Ryan,sinisalo.freenode.net
datase,unaffiliated/beardy/bot/datase,datase,orwell.freenode.net
eir,freenode/utility-bot/eir,eir version 0.0.1,odin.freenode.net
rjsalts,green.spectralmud.org,Richard Salts,wilhelm.freenode.net
jmcnaught,unaffiliated/jmcnaught,jeremy,verne.freenode.net
Ukikie,ubuntu/member/unit193,Unit 193,orwell.freenode.net
marlinc,1.0.0.127.13.204.167.185.in-addr.arpa,Marlinc,adams.freenode.net
jubo2,wikipedia/jukeboksi,juboxi,asimov.freenode.net
micronn,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::3c:d001,:),niven.freenode.net
Time-Warp,mirbsd/fan/time-warp,f0xy,wolfe.freenode.net
Stanto,li285-77.members.linode.com,Stanto,niven.freenode.net
netkat,80.79.126.176,tar,asimov.freenode.net
ectospasm,unaffiliated/ectospasm,ectospasm,weber.freenode.net
SpaceAce,124-150-73-224.dyn.iinet.net.au,realname,niven.freenode.net
musca,tyrael.eu,musca,karatkievich.freenode.net
cenysor,p5B0ADC95.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,realname,asimov.freenode.net
Psy-Q,psy-q.ch,Psy-Q,adams.freenode.net
toine42,nestor.antoine-jouve.fr,Antoine,wolfe.freenode.net
cybrNaut,unaffiliated/cybrnaut,Cyber Naut,karatkievich.freenode.net
brutus,108.61.164.217,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
Amplificator,unaffiliated/amplificator,quassel,wilhelm.freenode.net
SynrG,debian/developer/synrg,Ben Armstrong,asimov.freenode.net
_0x5eb_,seb-hpws2.w1.tele.crt1.net,Seb,karatkievich.freenode.net
teraflops,mysticemporium.net,teraflops,adams.freenode.net
elky,ubuntu/member/pdpc.professional.elky,elky,wilhelm.freenode.net
folivora,devnull.drwxr-xr-x.eu,_dr0p_,asimov.freenode.net
kward,mercury.chaos-realm.net,Keith,karatkievich.freenode.net
nkuttler,unaffiliated/nkuttler,nkuttler,wolfe.freenode.net
themill,unaffiliated/themill,Stuart Prescott,adams.freenode.net
Kamilion,botters/Kamilion,I am kamilion. But you knew that, didn't you.,asimov.freenode.net
ghormoon,ghorland.net,Jiri 'Ghormoon' Novak,wilhelm.freenode.net
SpinnyJamGoSpun,wrongplanet/smuckerz,Thomas M. Klapötke,barjavel.freenode.net
brong,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hthuynsdyxkqxeom,Bron Gondwana,wilhelm.freenode.net
testi,adsl-62-167-108-241.adslplus.ch,Dietrich Helexien,orwell.freenode.net
xingu,cl-1734.lon-02.gb.sixxs.net,not his name, and dangerous,niven.freenode.net
SPF,109.237.208.181,ScreamerPascalFreak,barjavel.freenode.net
SpaceKookie,2a01:4f8:d16:4ad2::2,Katharina Sabel,adams.freenode.net
Nik05,unaffiliated/nik05,Nik05,kornbluth.freenode.net
InFerNo_,64.ip-213-32-65.eu,infy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
BenderRodriguez,unaffiliated/foxhoundz,Foxhoundz,asimov.freenode.net
AntiSpamMeta,AntiSpamMeta/.,http://antispammeta.net,leguin.freenode.net
nevyn_,106.ip-158-69-219.net,Grant Diffey,asimov.freenode.net
Exagone313,elou.world,http://elou.world,orwell.freenode.net
ewew_away,unaffiliated/ewew,ewew,tepper.freenode.net
cryptodan_mobile,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jidnnmiaeglckfnw,Daniel Reinhardt,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mRokita,unaffiliated/htmldp,Michał Rokita,orwell.freenode.net
simonlnu,2a00:dcc0:dead:baae::13,Eric Côté,sinisalo.freenode.net
bocaneri,about/linux/staff/sauvin,realname,asimov.freenode.net
pencilandpaper,unaffiliated/pencilandpaper,pencilandpaper,rajaniemi.freenode.net
xar-,2001:4800:7815:103:f0d7:c55:ff05:60e8,xar,sinisalo.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
JesseWalling,strugee.net,jpwall,leguin.freenode.net
meta-coder,unaffiliated/meta-coder,neo,sinisalo.freenode.net
paw,157-52-10-52.cpe.teksavvy.com,Amy Fong,leguin.freenode.net
RDash,unaffiliated/rdash,pony,sinisalo.freenode.net
ShoaibJahejo,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-eavllgqagcqaadel,ShoaibJahejo,karatkievich.freenode.net
Spydar007,unaffiliated/spydar007,Darcy Marshall,card.freenode.net
fiQmob,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tkxrlipbcnaauvqg,Isak Rubin,wilhelm.freenode.net
jonasbits,213-21-80-56.customer.t3.se,Jonas �stman,asimov.freenode.net
Gruselbauer,schwarzgeraet.net,grslbr,rajaniemi.freenode.net
babilen,unaffiliated/babilen,Wolodja Wentland,weber.freenode.net
beardy,unaffiliated/beardy,Tobias Rosenqvist,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Miga,performa.migaverse.xyz,Miga,barjavel.freenode.net
jhutchins,99.198.231.49,Jonathan Hutchins,wilhelm.freenode.net
d1b,linode.d1b.org,db,hitchcock.freenode.net
ledixus,evil-ant-colony.org,ledi,wolfe.freenode.net
nickle,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pbqdgwbtlfwbnfga,Nick,wilhelm.freenode.net
VampiricPadraig,unaffiliated/vampiricpadraig,VampiricPadraig,adams.freenode.net
meshugga,amd.co.at,Philip,card.freenode.net
Cavedude,unaffiliated/cavedude,Cavedude,leguin.freenode.net
thib,wikimedia/Thibaut120094,Thibaut,weber.freenode.net
bolt,unaffiliated/bolt,-,rajaniemi.freenode.net
TheCoffeMaker,unaffiliated/thecoffemaker,Damian Sartori,hitchcock.freenode.net
finchd,aron.dfin.ch,Donovan Finch <finchd@dfin.ch>,asimov.freenode.net
CutMeOwnThroat,unaffiliated/iridos,realname,adams.freenode.net
jager,fsf/member/jager,jag,wilhelm.freenode.net
katymoe_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bxiumhragnpvfexp,Katy Moe,wolfe.freenode.net
microfracture,unaffiliated/microfracture,microfracture,barjavel.freenode.net
TmvC,37.48.122.74,TmvC,asimov.freenode.net
Ozzyboshi,ip-49-176.sn1.clouditalia.com,ozzy,barjavel.freenode.net
tatalazo,104.220.68.162,tatalazo,karatkievich.freenode.net
dos1,neo900/coreteam/dos,Sebastian Krzyszkowiak,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ArexR,unaffiliated/arexr,Alex,wilhelm.freenode.net
myReaper,claire.myReaper.de,reaper,weber.freenode.net
OneM_Industries,unaffiliated/onematthias,OneMIndustries,weber.freenode.net
Brigo_,164.11.60.178.dynamic.reverse-mundo-r.com,realname,weber.freenode.net
dakka,2001:41d0:a:6802::1,dakka,karatkievich.freenode.net
jticket,unaffiliated/jticket,Jeremiah TicketJeremiah,niven.freenode.net
abrotman,pdpc/supporter/active/abrotman,Alexander T. Brotman,barjavel.freenode.net
elliot007,62-85-254-51.static.panicbnc.eu,elliot,verne.freenode.net
dutchfish,unaffiliated/dutchfish,Wil van Lierop,niven.freenode.net
bogus-,5353A507.cm-6-4c.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Martijn Vetketel,wilhelm.freenode.net
DDR,ec2.happyspork.com,David,wolfe.freenode.net
Xjs|moonshine,chrysostomos.aoide.de,Jannis Andrija Schnitzer,leguin.freenode.net
phorce1,76.210.225.164,Gerald,asimov.freenode.net
Hobbyboy,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-fqbyrfcjevawlgcx,Andrew,adams.freenode.net
jelly,pdpc/supporter/active/jelly,Real Name,wolfe.freenode.net
littlebear,2607:fea8:a220:7e3:43c:8cea:d765:ba61,littlebear,leguin.freenode.net
shingouz,80-186-212-132.elisa-mobile.fi,who cares,rajaniemi.freenode.net
_stowa,static.177.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,hitchcock.freenode.net
ziga_,194.177.60.33,ziga,weber.freenode.net
hexadecimal,unaffiliated/hexadecimal,hexadecimal,wilhelm.freenode.net
Lirion,wikimedia-commons/Lirion,Montgomery Python,leguin.freenode.net
gusnan,unaffiliated/gusnan,Andreas Rönnquist,rajaniemi.freenode.net
BotaniCar,pinkie.kladdkaka.org,BotaniCar,wolfe.freenode.net
frlttrwrd,104.153.210.219,fourletterword,card.freenode.net
Texou,unaffiliated/texou,Texou,adams.freenode.net
hays,93.171.216.190,Steven Hay,adams.freenode.net
APLU,eva.aplu.fr,Aymeric (and you lost the game),niven.freenode.net
jpinx,unaffiliated/jpinx,jpinx,hitchcock.freenode.net
Logg,76.72.182.187,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
tadej,unaffiliated/tadej,tadej,adams.freenode.net
mavhc,cpc77319-basf12-2-0-cust433.12-3.cable.virginm.net,mavhc,adams.freenode.net
reverse_light,ntszok079247.szok.nt.adsl.ppp.infoweb.ne.jp,reverse_light,niven.freenode.net
TomTomTo1,unaffiliated/tomtomtosch,henryk,wolfe.freenode.net
ChrisH,clio4.dg7pc.de,Christian Hilgers,sinisalo.freenode.net
ask21,Wikipedia/Ask21,ask21,asimov.freenode.net
Sachiru,gateway/shell/firrre/x-okdxjdyyxhmnwxju,Sachiru,wilhelm.freenode.net
Butt3rfly,trivialand/genius/butt3rfly,Butt3rfly,niven.freenode.net
trobotham,2602:ffb0:4:d55::1,nitemare,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jarick,unaffiliated/timgoh0,Timothy,verne.freenode.net
chaology,2a01:7e01::f03c:91ff:fe2c:3e57,Tony Stark,leguin.freenode.net
ranix,li897-207.members.linode.com,ranix,wolfe.freenode.net
int0x27h,unaffiliated/int0x27h,int0x27h,kornbluth.freenode.net
aleph-,unaffiliated/church-,hatter,wilhelm.freenode.net
ewindisch,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lyalgyotxybbdiqj,Eric Windisch,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
pdq,unaffiliated/pdq,pdq,sinisalo.freenode.net
revi,wikimedia/-revi,revi - https://revi.xyz,adams.freenode.net
mugunghwa,wikipedia/konggaru,Yamanaka Sawako,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Sotiale,wikimedia/Sotiale,Sotiale,wilhelm.freenode.net
wm-bot2,wikimedia/bot/wm-bot,wm-bot,card.freenode.net
darkbluesky,wikipedia/Darkbluesky,Kangcheol Lee,karatkievich.freenode.net
Naenyn,unaffiliated/sememmon,Naenyn,leguin.freenode.net
jmtran,unaffiliated/jmtran,keeheeee,roddenberry.freenode.net
echelog-1,108.61.103.42,echelog-1,karatkievich.freenode.net
ozymandias_,libre.theyareafter.us,ozy mandias,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
vertein,2607:f388:e:0:2c65:d88a:de91:53c8,Timothy Vertein,wolfe.freenode.net
river-tam,unserver.de,River Tam - ddos bot,adams.freenode.net
Entroacceptor,unserver.de,Matthias,karatkievich.freenode.net
`Ishq,unvanquished/developer/ishq,= "Celestial Rage",karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Viech,unvanquished/developer/viech,Viech,wilhelm.freenode.net
SibrekExuus,178.62.19.205,SibrekExuus,sinisalo.freenode.net
DrDeath,netcat.us,root,orwell.freenode.net
JoKe|,kapsi.fi,Arf.,adams.freenode.net
lollum,64.137.247.33,Son,weber.freenode.net
Muflo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zwygwohikiyflpos,Muflo,wilhelm.freenode.net
uovobw,unaffiliated/uovobw,uovobw,niven.freenode.net
kurojishi,2a01:4f8:120:8e00::2,Francesco Berni,wolfe.freenode.net
joooon,static.20.95.46.78.clients.your-server.de,Jon,weber.freenode.net
TheJena,vm3.aperturelabs.it,TheJena,asimov.freenode.net
beego,163.172.129.154,Bigo,wolfe.freenode.net
altlabel,2a01:4f8:120:8e00::2,altlabel,niven.freenode.net
Jei,static.20.95.46.78.clients.your-server.de,jj,verne.freenode.net
Colti,2a00:c1e0:0:2:0:1:208:ab5e,unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
osx,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-pgwjhgioqopoayhl,Vanuatu,wilhelm.freenode.net
SpacyTime,codebottle.io/user/jeda,Jesús Hernández,verne.freenode.net
ngin-x,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-pfbamifmfsmgdsgf,http://webchat.freenode.net,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
goez,goez.my.id,goez.my.id/about,leguin.freenode.net
Ishido,37.242.153.77.rev.sfr.net,Ishido,karatkievich.freenode.net
loy,ns357229.ip-91-121-144.eu,loy,asimov.freenode.net
imanoob,2001:41d0:1:c191::1,imanoob,karatkievich.freenode.net
Codimp,home.lithio.fr,Doctor,wilhelm.freenode.net
ThinkPrivacy,secure.think-privacy.com,paladine,niven.freenode.net
Jeeves_,2a03:7900:1:1:4cac:cad7:939b:67f4,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
gewt,138.68.49.16,Cory Smelosky,hitchcock.freenode.net
Gamah,unaffiliated/gamah,-Gamah,verne.freenode.net
seiyseiy,ns330899.ip-37-187-120.eu,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
kriskropd,unaffiliated/kriskropd,kris,weber.freenode.net
adhawkins,musicbrainz/user/adhawkins,Andy Hawkins,niven.freenode.net
iNs,krowkirobia.mooo.com,ins,rajaniemi.freenode.net
skylite_,5402F4F5.dsl.pool.telekom.hu,skylite,adams.freenode.net
nino-[MTRX],185.18.150.22,@nino:hackerspace.be,tepper.freenode.net
lowkey,hydra.aufbix.org,lowkey,barjavel.freenode.net
emptynine,cybertron.nullroute.info,zero bytes,sinisalo.freenode.net
churnd,unaffiliated/churnd,churnd,barjavel.freenode.net
natten,unaffiliated/jnatten,jn,leguin.freenode.net
ynotperez,ec2-174-129-19-107.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Tony Perez,card.freenode.net
Resnik,37.247.52.207,Resnik,tepper.freenode.net
LostSoul,78-11-228-60.static.ip.netia.com.pl,LostSoul,barjavel.freenode.net
squeeb,85.199.239.140,Squeeb,wilhelm.freenode.net
jiffe__,unaffiliated/jiffe--/x-0579650,jiffe,asimov.freenode.net
hazardous,openvpn/user/hazardous,User &,asimov.freenode.net
jaakkos,unaffiliated/jaakkos,Jaakko Salo,adams.freenode.net
Mastermind1,bitsofcode.net,Mastermind,orwell.freenode.net
Chinorro,2a01:4f8:120:9332::2,Chino,niven.freenode.net
Handle,ip-178-200-62-183.hsi07.unitymediagroup.de,Got ZNC?,leguin.freenode.net
MrGeneral,unaffiliated/mrgeneral,MrGeneral,wolfe.freenode.net
dyce_,ns3290920.ip-5-135-184.eu,otr,weber.freenode.net
jagardaniel,2a01:3b8:1968:fc00::1,daniel,sinisalo.freenode.net
SirLagz,ppp174-176.static.internode.on.net,SirLagz,leguin.freenode.net
Granis,c-92c5e455.017-509-6c6b701.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,...,verne.freenode.net
fyxim,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-swrtgzatqokorjjq,fyxim_,wilhelm.freenode.net
woleium,bc.io,woleium,card.freenode.net
TGS,unaffiliated/tgs,Brian Gilliford,sinisalo.freenode.net
HackerspaceBot,185.18.150.22,matrixirc,niven.freenode.net
RaNa,174-135-69-39.res.bhn.net,RaNa,karatkievich.freenode.net
SwK,freeswitch/developer/swk,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
mybalzitch,shellbox.fastdns.ca,User Sheppard,card.freenode.net
bugzbunny,2620:1e8:2:1::2cf,nonya,niven.freenode.net
dandre,65-128-190-109.isp.overthebox.ovh,Daniel ANDRE,karatkievich.freenode.net
elfurbe,nidhogg.hacks.arizona.edu,Adam,adams.freenode.net
Escable-,irc.escable.net,Escable - Arcanum Services LLC,card.freenode.net
syadnom,rn1.densontech.com,syadnom,verne.freenode.net
k3y,unaffiliated/k3y,key,asimov.freenode.net
jback,shell-eun.jhq.io,Jasper Backer (jhq),asimov.freenode.net
pebble`,unaffiliated/espiral,pebble,wilhelm.freenode.net
marlinc,1.0.0.127.13.204.167.185.in-addr.arpa,Marlinc,adams.freenode.net
Telesight,4dae0c97.ftth.telfortglasvezel.nl,purple,kornbluth.freenode.net
rlex,ns317403.ip-188-165-207.eu,Lex Rivera,adams.freenode.net
fyrril,2605:a601:7014:1800:744c:7fc9:503f:5973,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
jtd,pool-108-51-83-177.washdc.fios.verizon.net,JTD,wilhelm.freenode.net
ShaRose,i.am.sharo.se,ShaRose,hitchcock.freenode.net
DzAirmaX,unaffiliated/dzairmax,DzAirmaX,barjavel.freenode.net
wbs_,gateway/web/freenode/ip.146.133.155.243,146.133.155.243 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
valeech,unaffiliated/valeech,valeech,adams.freenode.net
ren0v0,host81-155-43-128.range81-155.btcentralplus.com,ren0v0,tepper.freenode.net
DelphicOkami_,helheim.hrafn.xyz,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
msxenial,ip72-202-156-190.ks.ks.cox.net,msxenial,verne.freenode.net
jero-,d54c0ab08.access.telenet.be,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
claw,triple6.org,,,,,tepper.freenode.net
ljunkie,207.115.88.87,RR,wolfe.freenode.net
a5m0,unaffiliated/a5m0,a5m0,asimov.freenode.net
gordonzola,212.129.4.87,gordon,wolfe.freenode.net
linuxthefish,unaffiliated/edmundf,E,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Burner_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hmuhafxowqehkjzh,Tapio Haapala,wolfe.freenode.net
Someguy123,unaffiliated/compgenius999,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
nybble,about/apple/performa/nybble,realname,adams.freenode.net
latez,insomnia.nyc,Hope in reality is the worst of all evils.,card.freenode.net
asyd,gendo.asyd.net,__plop__,verne.freenode.net
PhilSliderS,destiny.philsliders.eu,.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Pechorin,host-109-171-16-255.bbcustomer.zsttk.net,Vadim N. Pechorin,weber.freenode.net
x10,escaped.it,x10,weber.freenode.net
Blub\w,unaffiliated/blubw/x-6625061,wry,wolfe.freenode.net
c0urier,admin.i-mscp.net,Glenn B. Jakobsen,wilhelm.freenode.net
Uzzi,gateway/web/freenode/ip.85.40.99.14,85.40.99.14 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
renard_,cw-svc0.chezwam.org,Vulpes Velox,barjavel.freenode.net
telex,freeshell.de,telex,tepper.freenode.net
hay,user1.ftth.elmitel.net,hay,hitchcock.freenode.net
edong23,mptc-dhcp-50-50.mptelco.com,edong23,barjavel.freenode.net
rich-,unaffiliated/rich-,GOD,asimov.freenode.net
seprob,shell.uw-team.org,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
Fridtjof,reporting.live.from.stary2001.co.uk,Fridtjof,niven.freenode.net
t0m0,84.200.14.205,Tom,orwell.freenode.net
Japje,irc.ownt.nl,Japje,card.freenode.net
Anwarias,xdsl-89-0-1-175.netcologne.de,Quassel IRC User,niven.freenode.net
gtrott_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dgqfacnihaaykogq,GT,adams.freenode.net
Teraii,vip-s1-l1.teraii.net,teraii,rajaniemi.freenode.net
HalfEatenPie,unaffiliated/halfeatenpie,HalfEatenPie,karatkievich.freenode.net
derjur,netbox.reednet.ca,dave,wolfe.freenode.net
oliverio,unaffiliated/oliverio,oliverio,card.freenode.net
Armoletti,dsl-tkubrasgw2-54f814-160.dhcp.inet.fi,Tapio,karatkievich.freenode.net
MrZone,s1349014512.blix.com,Sander Haukelidsæter,wilhelm.freenode.net
iGeni,50702E2F.cm-14.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Textual User,asimov.freenode.net
lstanley,znc.liam.sh,Liam Stanley,weber.freenode.net
mrdeadlocked,unaffiliated/mrdeadlocked,Got ZNC?,verne.freenode.net
backspace,c-573ce555.016-114-6b73641.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,HULK,weber.freenode.net
Quick_Wango,cubyte.net,Phillip,verne.freenode.net
woodjrx,woodonia.com,WoodJRx,,,,karatkievich.freenode.net
peetaur2,i4DF67CD2.pool.tripleplugandplay.com,Peter,leguin.freenode.net
rabbitear,168.235.152.202,kreator,card.freenode.net
Larsen_,2001:67c:578:2::15,andreas,sinisalo.freenode.net
thadood,slappy.thunderbutt.org,thadood,asimov.freenode.net
gavit,alpha.iqreate.com,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
Rosiak,li1406-163.members.linode.com,John Doe,weber.freenode.net
Horgix,pelargir.horgix.fr,Alexis "Horgix" Chotard,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Shadow__X,unaffiliated/shadowx/x-411846,S,karatkievich.freenode.net
cristian,euve75842.serverprofi24.de,Cristian Huza,adams.freenode.net
dbast,p20030065EC15A700021132FFFE304C49.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Daniel Bast,wolfe.freenode.net
phendryx,d118-75-139-229.col.wideopenwest.com,ZNC - http://znc.in,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Ulrar,luwin.ulrar.net,-,karatkievich.freenode.net
joga,unaffiliated/joga,Jouko,adams.freenode.net
untroest-,xtracode.de,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
himuraken_,65.87.199.142,himuraken,wolfe.freenode.net
Te3-BloodyIron,S010600900b121d95.cg.shawcable.net,no,orwell.freenode.net
afx,openbglab/staff/afx,afx,verne.freenode.net
gardar,bnc.giraffi.net,gardar,card.freenode.net
hue,zirc/eclipse,hue,verne.freenode.net
Lantizia,cpc89840-stok20-2-0-cust9.1-4.cable.virginm.net,realname,card.freenode.net
xt,xt.gg,Tor Hveem,card.freenode.net
sjas,stv.legarth.snack-me.de,root,sinisalo.freenode.net
jockek,noshut.jocke.no,Joachim Tingvold,leguin.freenode.net
babak,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tpzagvkcqpyjfvyc,babak,adams.freenode.net
boxrick1,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qpxbbxndbdgjjvlz,boxrick1,orwell.freenode.net
Carnal,techcavern/member/fudster,Fudster,adams.freenode.net
r04r,unaffiliated/r04r,r04r,asimov.freenode.net
papamoose,hester.cs.uchicago.edu,purple,niven.freenode.net
kkj,irc.nixlab.io,kkj,barjavel.freenode.net
zz_capri,212.218.126.52,Kai Wagner,orwell.freenode.net
dwalker,85.191.223.6,kalli@kalli.com,leguin.freenode.net
XpineX,89.239.215.117,realname,card.freenode.net
afx237,107.170.10.178,c'mon you cunt, lets have some aphex acid,verne.freenode.net
chrustler,94-137-110-36.customers.ownit.se,chrustler,sinisalo.freenode.net
pelox,gusl/staff/risturiz,Rafael A. Isturiz L.,wolfe.freenode.net
tabakhase,unaffiliated/tabakhase,Christian Tabakhase Hackmann,karatkievich.freenode.net
href,Sade.random.sh,href,card.freenode.net
Ruusento,m.lucentw.gq,Lucent WinModem - Galactic Federation CO,adams.freenode.net
upgreydd,217.97.99.10,Kacper,leguin.freenode.net
Globalirc,zchat.org,11100010011,asimov.freenode.net
Guest81420,149.202.156.163,R Queiroz,wolfe.freenode.net
dcosnet,c-73-149-169-51.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,dc os net,leguin.freenode.net
luckman212,unaffiliated/luckman212,luckman212,hitchcock.freenode.net
Killsudo,2605:c000:0:3::cd3,For Real,karatkievich.freenode.net
Geheim49|CVO,2a0b:b600:0:1::b,Geheim49,adams.freenode.net
Straa,unaffiliated/straa,Straa,wilhelm.freenode.net
Selavi,unaffiliated/valesi,Shane,asimov.freenode.net
gimpbully,flexo.lbl.gov,John White,barjavel.freenode.net
m6lpi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-azuulkiqwuqrhemm,Neil Stone,wilhelm.freenode.net
Toggi3,he.ddosd.us,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
NameNotFound,o.aquila.uberspace.de,NameNotFound,hitchcock.freenode.net
Razva,unaffiliated/razva,Razvan Rosca,adams.freenode.net
gadgetguy__,c-73-193-157-112.hsd1.nj.comcast.net,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
Chon_Lee,wargames.left-click.org,Chon_Lee,asimov.freenode.net
vol4ko,unaffiliated/vol4ko,vol4ko,barjavel.freenode.net
ipsecguy,dslb-092-073-021-138.092.073.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Andreas,tepper.freenode.net
Psi-Jack,unaffiliated/psi-jack,Psi-Jack,weber.freenode.net
dano5,123.109-247-22.customer.lyse.net,Got ZNC?,leguin.freenode.net
Brians-,80.111.114.175,name,hitchcock.freenode.net
simon_-_,bender.ebg13powered.net,simon,card.freenode.net
Flotho66,245-10-190-109.dsl.ovh.fr,Florent THOMAS,hitchcock.freenode.net
pk12,163.172.210.79,pk12,adams.freenode.net
meepmeep,end.of.cylind.re,meepmeep,sinisalo.freenode.net
guampa,unaffiliated/guampa,g,verne.freenode.net
D-Boy,unaffiliated/cain,Debian Boy,orwell.freenode.net
mivaho,2001:983:eeb4:1:c0de:69ff:fe2f:5599,mivaho,karatkievich.freenode.net
slifeet,sli.space,joe,barjavel.freenode.net
Cheez-It,singularity.rsunleashed.com,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
Technostar,cpe-72-230-173-5.rochester.res.rr.com,Techno,weber.freenode.net
Dat,gotpot.org,.:. respect is due when respect is earned! .:.,leguin.freenode.net
BuildTheRobots,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mkwawcdiinmhgetm,Me,wolfe.freenode.net
Limebyte,2607:5300:60:349a::1111,Limebyte,karatkievich.freenode.net
yaymuffins,mail.yayponies.eu,Derpy Hooves,adams.freenode.net
WebDawg,officialg0d.com,webdawg,orwell.freenode.net
devster31,2001:41d0:1:a3af::1,devsterknight,wolfe.freenode.net
GenericUsername,cpe-67-248-53-16.nycap.res.rr.com,...,card.freenode.net
_fortis,static.141.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,fortis,wilhelm.freenode.net
leto,unaffiliated/leto,leto,asimov.freenode.net
Jb_boin,proxad.eu,Jean Weisbuch,leguin.freenode.net
MACscr,c-73-9-230-5.hsd1.il.comcast.net,MACscr,orwell.freenode.net
BasisBit,bka.li,basisbit,verne.freenode.net
jermudgeon,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-ruyjivdolfvbcskt,jermudgeon,wilhelm.freenode.net
Haxxa,120.147.48.206,Harrison,weber.freenode.net
NinjaBanjo_,znc.ninjabanjo.guru,NinjaBanjo,barjavel.freenode.net
iooner,2001:41d0:a:5b1d::1:20,iooner,wilhelm.freenode.net
nirokato,unaffiliated/nirokato,niro,card.freenode.net
laf,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ceamydllxqslahto,Neil Lathwood,adams.freenode.net
lae,unaffiliated/musee,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
Nothing4You,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
Mibka,109.236.94.245,blah,adams.freenode.net
MrPlop,213.219.167.175,Cédric,adams.freenode.net
CEnnis91,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dnrvqpftvsyfcwyl,CEnnis91,rajaniemi.freenode.net
evade,c-73-65-238-158.hsd1.ut.comcast.net,realname,card.freenode.net
at0r,arthur-vm.as31731.net,arthur,orwell.freenode.net
p7mo,ricasa01.informatik.uni-bremen.de,...,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
HeavyMetal,unaffiliated/heavymetal,HeavyMetal,niven.freenode.net
debris`,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-ppprehxmzvjklind,debris,adams.freenode.net
tekk,87.117.246.195,me,tepper.freenode.net
LilleCarl,ip201.ip-87-98-159.eu,LilleCarl,sinisalo.freenode.net
|aaron,damagingsound.com,aaron,karatkievich.freenode.net
Rockwolf,Sentinelnet.tk,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
hiroki,unaffiliated/hiroki,Hiroki Yamamoto,orwell.freenode.net
jpalmer,unaffiliated/jpalmer,Jeff Palmer,asimov.freenode.net
anthony25,aruhier.fr,Anthony,sinisalo.freenode.net
gkeen,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xuayenbnmiwmudxa,gkeen,card.freenode.net
White_Light,cpe-108-167-11-28.neb.res.rr.com,realname,verne.freenode.net
dreamer,unaffiliated/dreamer,henk,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Escable,escable.serverhand.com,Escable - Arcanum Services LLC,card.freenode.net
myReaper,claire.myReaper.de,reaper,weber.freenode.net
pauPacket,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cuqaghwacoximroy,Paulo,wilhelm.freenode.net
scristopher,65.17.128.127,scristopher,asimov.freenode.net
Kingrat,2605:6000:1526:4063:6da3:e21c:cc53:fce0,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mlanner,198.101.223.227,Martin Lanner,tepper.freenode.net
Ladon,lucl.in,shadowknight,orwell.freenode.net
Limb,sg1.ibelimb.com,Limb,card.freenode.net
UncleDrax,auntieentity.mega-ton.us,Uncle Drax Todeszauberer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kristau_sdf,norge.sdf.org,Kenneth Ristau,tepper.freenode.net
Chex,leavingvegas.northnook.ca,Stefan CoolGuy Victoria BC Canada,roddenberry.freenode.net
jelly,pdpc/supporter/active/jelly,Real Name,wolfe.freenode.net
davic,unaffiliated/davic,davic,adams.freenode.net
K1rk,158.69.167.167,Kirk,card.freenode.net
webdestroya,unaffiliated/csdhost,webdestroya,hitchcock.freenode.net
alrayyes,178.62.212.135,John Doe,verne.freenode.net
zapotah,unaffiliated/zapotah,Jupiter Vuorikoski,weber.freenode.net
Virtual,192.184.93.10,Life is real.,wolfe.freenode.net
Guest3866,u.internetz.me,shroudBNC User,karatkievich.freenode.net
Dam64-PauLLA,91.237.38.29,Dam64-PauLLA,card.freenode.net
Nebraskka_,178.62.130.190,Nebraskka,niven.freenode.net
Tea,fsf/member/tea,Joe,niven.freenode.net
keesh,185.21.218.134,noname,wolfe.freenode.net
someone,somewhe.re,someone,karatkievich.freenode.net
iron_houzi,188.166.57.100,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
Spr1ng,unaffiliated/spr1ng,Spr1ng,asimov.freenode.net
modster,2605:a000:1221:17d:3437:37ff:fe30:3566,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
k0nsl,unaffiliated/k0nsl,k0nsl (i.am@k0nsl.org),rajaniemi.freenode.net
vquicksilver,gentoo/contributor/vquicksilver,nobody,sinisalo.freenode.net
jbossbot,redhat/jbossbot,JBossBot,roddenberry.freenode.net
krisv_,ptr-2hj4tbhk0x5ijn7me3e3osmpi.ip6.access.telenet.be,realname,adams.freenode.net
porcelli,redhat/jboss/porcelli,Alexandre Porcelli,wolfe.freenode.net
oskopek,unaffiliated/odenkos,oskopek,wilhelm.freenode.net
gemma,nat/redhat/x-kwclpglydsehoffu,Gemma,adams.freenode.net
nheron,LNeuilly-656-1-45-185.w80-11.abo.wanadoo.fr,Nicolas Héron,sinisalo.freenode.net
conan,mdproctor.plus.com,Mark Proctor,orwell.freenode.net
pavelp,206-248-190-89.dsl.teksavvy.com,purple,rajaniemi.freenode.net
msivak,nat/redhat/x-yjhcajtlnsaymshq,Martin Sivak,leguin.freenode.net
kie-jenkins-bot,nat/redhat/x-mjywmpzmucabvnaz,PircBotX 2.0.1, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bo,orwell.freenode.net
cnicolai,redhat/cnicolai,Cristiano Nicolai,verne.freenode.net
mmcclure,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-plrdtxbdhzdzfmhr,Matthew McClure,adams.freenode.net
thedj,unaffiliated/thedj,Derk-Jan Hartman,orwell.freenode.net
gkatsev,oftn/oswg-board/gkatsev,George Katsevman,hitchcock.freenode.net
Afterster,morkxy.com,Afterster,asimov.freenode.net
GeneticGenesis,yoshi.cluffcloud.co.uk,Phil C,weber.freenode.net
t4c0c4t,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tuvgmxyxqeljvvhg,shawnp,adams.freenode.net
rostam,2001:420:30a:440b:99e5:2a30:eeec:9a18,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Fenrirthviti,2601:246:4400:f10c:862b:2bff:fe6b:bf5,Fenrir,leguin.freenode.net
taliptako,gateway/shell/hiyabnc/x-rznkwxupyauzbgic,taliptako,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
barttenbrinke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ufjeyakzfaxiaaan,Bart ten Brinke,adams.freenode.net
babelboot,45.55.158.214,Guest,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ashnur,unaffiliated/ashnur,suly",orwell.freenode.net
uso,ows-185-21-195-233.eu-west-1.compute.outscale.com,matthias,asimov.freenode.net
Prira_,195-154-251-94.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Prira,verne.freenode.net
Adri1,196-84-190-109.dsl.ovh.fr,adrien,tepper.freenode.net
tgm4883,ubuntu/member/tgm4883,Thomas Mashos,karatkievich.freenode.net
tomreyn,megaglest/team/tomreyn,Tom Reynolds,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Entalyan,unaffiliated/entalyan,Entalyan Sylniah,verne.freenode.net
ImQ009,unaffiliated/imq009,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
BytesAndCoffee,bytes.coffee,yazdmich,adams.freenode.net
jk^,net-93-148-155-201.cust.dsl.teletu.it,...,barjavel.freenode.net
IdleOne,ubuntu/member/idleone,IdleOne,wilhelm.freenode.net
airstrik3,ec2-52-24-136-162.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
nighoo,unaffiliated/nighoo,nighoo,barjavel.freenode.net
[eno]fh,81.4.122.232,Klaus Frankfurt,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
fsftn-bot,unaffiliated/fsftn,Telegram IRC Bridge for FSFTN,karatkievich.freenode.net
deadrat,unaffiliated/deadrat,deadrat aka as5h0le,adams.freenode.net
Xjs|moonshine,chrysostomos.aoide.de,Jannis Andrija Schnitzer,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
senf,2001:470:caab:fd5a:a2::61,senf,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Martin89,2001:470:caab:fd5a:a2::61,martin,karatkievich.freenode.net
Mystic-X,p54BE719B.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Mystic-X,kornbluth.freenode.net
mpt,canonical/mpt,Matthew Paul Thomas,leguin.freenode.net
ubottu,ubuntu/bot/ubottu,Ubuntu IRC Bot,karatkievich.freenode.net
miken,canonical/launchpad/noodles775,Michael,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ELLIOTTCABLE,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qkatvegbxzvtudpe,Elliott Cable,sinisalo.freenode.net
devyn,oftn/oswg-board/devyn,Devyn Cairns,weber.freenode.net
yorick,oftn/oswg-member/yorick,Yorick,barjavel.freenode.net
ec\,ell.io,ELLIOTTCABLE,tepper.freenode.net
incomprehensibly,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ahlykaylvqvukykh,Micah Johnston,adams.freenode.net
erossi,xvm-242-141.dc2.ghst.net,Enrico Rossi,barjavel.freenode.net
diego71,94-39-192-145.adsl-ull.clienti.tiscali.it,Diego Roversi,barjavel.freenode.net
zerkalo,ny1.hashbang.sh,myricae,adams.freenode.net
gian_,2a02:348:b4:e70c::1,Quassel IRC User,niven.freenode.net
valhalla,94-39-192-145.adsl-ull.clienti.tiscali.it,Elena of Valhalla,asimov.freenode.net
at0m33,fomalhaut.uberspace.de,atom,adams.freenode.net
Maze7,2001:1608:10:193::14,Marcel Maze,wolfe.freenode.net
SirUffsALot,peacock.uberspace.de,uffsalot,adams.freenode.net
NICfly,2001:1608:10:193::14,Johannes Schlüter,niven.freenode.net
zwergb,regulus.uberspace.de,ZwergB,wilhelm.freenode.net
pigeon,eth5284.nsw.adsl.internode.on.net,Pigeon,tepper.freenode.net
AndersG,c-83-233-174-175.cust.bredband2.com,Anders Gidenstam,verne.freenode.net
Nav,2001:ac8:14:200::5,Jon Stockill,wolfe.freenode.net
ShadowJK,212.7.198.194,jk,card.freenode.net
raijin,unaffiliated/raijin,raijin,sinisalo.freenode.net
daniele_athome,net-47-53-132-231.cust.vodafonedsl.it,Daniele,leguin.freenode.net
Brandano,pdpc/supporter/professional/brandano,Brandano,karatkievich.freenode.net
Vorpal,unaffiliated/vorpal,Vorpal,barjavel.freenode.net
chrisf,hamb.in,Chris Forbes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
i4dnf,5-12-19-187.residential.rdsnet.ro,Emilian Huminiuc,wolfe.freenode.net
Jester01,62.100.244.69,Csaba Halasz,adams.freenode.net
debdog,2a02:8070:45c2:e600:7a24:afff:fe8a:d04d,Wowbagger,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Jamo,185.20.136.111,Jarmo Isotalo,weber.freenode.net
factor,ip70-185-223-172.ok.ok.cox.net,Daniel Yount,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Immutef,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oyxwldvsfjtzzqlk,Pierre,adams.freenode.net
acoulton,2001:41d0:2:ae62::,acoulton,karatkievich.freenode.net
tombevers,li140-114.members.linode.com,Tom Bevers,orwell.freenode.net
ThomasRuiz,2001:41d0:1:cbcb::1,Thomas Ruiz,karatkievich.freenode.net
nj,stop.disconnecting.me,nj,leguin.freenode.net
twisted`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmeuevvcnrsegdxc,twisted,karatkievich.freenode.net
Stof_,nautica.notk.org,Christophe Coevoet,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Wolf_,c-69-143-140-90.hsd1.md.comcast.net,Wolfmetalfab,adams.freenode.net
Curtisbeef,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fedf:e770,Curtis,wilhelm.freenode.net
Frans-Willem,5355DBEE.cm-6-6d.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Frans-Willem Hardijzer,card.freenode.net
__],elmo.stole-your.pw,tachyon,rajaniemi.freenode.net
prokoudine,ppp83-237-242-9.pppoe.mtu-net.ru,Alexandre Prokoudine,verne.freenode.net
Smedles,CPE-58-160-77-59.ssqn1.lon.bigpond.net.au,Paul Smedley,weber.freenode.net
fguimont,inkscape/developer/fguimont,Frederic Guimont,adams.freenode.net
plinnell,opensuse/member/mrdocs,plinnell,wolfe.freenode.net
mat_,freebsd/developer/mat,Mathieu Arnold,barjavel.freenode.net
jghali,ADijon-157-1-43-112.w86-218.abo.wanadoo.fr,Jean Ghali,leguin.freenode.net
artista-frustrad,177.92.32.201,Fernando Michelotti,wolfe.freenode.net
rdebel,81-227-219-167-no71.tbcn.telia.com,rdebel,karatkievich.freenode.net
wolfspraul,bobbin.q-ag.de,Wolfgang Spraul,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Calinou,unaffiliated/calinou,Calinou,hitchcock.freenode.net
robink,unaffilated/robink,Robin Kauffman,card.freenode.net
olspookishmagus,snf-137798.vm.okeanos.grnet.gr,Innuendo chameleon,asimov.freenode.net
bertieb,217.155.39.147,Bertie Baggio,orwell.freenode.net
fordfrog,gentoo/developer/fordfrog,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
yoroy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jlkkuxpxsuvbuicw,Roy,weber.freenode.net
MrB,2001:a18:287:7601:5054:ff:fecc:bd35,MrB,wolfe.freenode.net
camerin,elite.bshellz.net,camerin,hitchcock.freenode.net
tan,unaffiliated/tan,Terje Andersen,verne.freenode.net
mrscribe,www.scribus.net,mrscribe,weber.freenode.net
LotR,li60-27.members.linode.com,.,karatkievich.freenode.net
aleb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-huznlgjjmnouvbma,Alex,adams.freenode.net
malex,pdpc/supporter/student/malex,OM,leguin.freenode.net
mapreri,ubuntu/member/mapreri,Mattia Rizzolo,wolfe.freenode.net
yofel,ubuntu/member/yofel,Philip Muskovac,niven.freenode.net
pixelma,rockbox/staff/pixelma,Marianne,rajaniemi.freenode.net
paragn,fedora/paragn,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
fyliu_,12.172.88.35,realname,niven.freenode.net
HellTiger,dslb-178-012-063-222.178.012.pools.vodafone-ip.de,7,1HellTiger,verne.freenode.net
boud,calcifer.xs4all.nl,Boudewijn Rempt,hitchcock.freenode.net
avox,ip-136-16.travedsl.de,Andreas Vox,barjavel.freenode.net
a-l-e,2a02:1205:c6a2:4620:e6b3:18ff:fe2f:318b,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
PaulePanter,mail.gw90.de,Paul Menzel,card.freenode.net
davimore_,176-229-128-083.dynamic.caiway.nl,david,niven.freenode.net
FirasH,95.233.109.244,FirasH,asimov.freenode.net
antilopa,37.48.71.229,Quassel IRC User,asimov.freenode.net
irsol,unaffiliated/contempt,irsol,adams.freenode.net
SimAV_hertz,p5DD2DFD7.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
placko,17-136-85-95.dynamic.stcable.net,unknown,leguin.freenode.net
mecirt,85-135-180-181.adsl.slovanet.sk,mecirt,karatkievich.freenode.net
fotux,ip92344885.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,fotux,orwell.freenode.net
lpaste,unaffiliated/chrisdone,lpaste,niven.freenode.net
haasn,haasn.xyz,haasn,rajaniemi.freenode.net
{AS},gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gmujsurqwwbkydlu,Ahmad Salim,adams.freenode.net
vendethiel,118.59.28.93.rev.sfr.net,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
carter-znc,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe6e:6c01,Carter Schonwald,karatkievich.freenode.net
ocharles_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oiwisterqzmqgmyt,Oliver Charles,wilhelm.freenode.net
maurer,248.50.236.23.bc.googleusercontent.com,maurer,asimov.freenode.net
ski,remote11.chalmers.se,Stefan Ljungstrand,weber.freenode.net
bollu,nat/iiit/x-ztuwshozaxrldwbm,Adium User,verne.freenode.net
Taneb,runciman.hacksoc.org,Nathan van Doorn,wilhelm.freenode.net
rodlogic,ec2-54-84-114-28.compute-1.amazonaws.com,rodlogic,niven.freenode.net
adamse,unaffiliated/adamse,adamse,adams.freenode.net
jix,jixco.de,Jannis Harder,card.freenode.net
mudfog,ec2-54-152-211-54.compute-1.amazonaws.com,andreas,barjavel.freenode.net
raichoo,i59F6C14A.versanet.de,purple,leguin.freenode.net
augur,c-73-46-94-9.hsd1.fl.comcast.net,augur,hitchcock.freenode.net
Adeon,necrofantasy.trankesbel.com,muskotit,tepper.freenode.net
wrengr_away,104.132.1.65,wren gayle romano,weber.freenode.net
kyagrd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-baohuxpkksvyalyj,kyagrd,karatkievich.freenode.net
mpickering,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-berwzulwzweykqyw,Matthew Pickering,orwell.freenode.net
ggherdov`__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kihzplutqrpubrwv,Giovanni Gherdovich,wolfe.freenode.net
silver,93.85.50.147,silver,orwell.freenode.net
lispy,li343-23.members.linode.com,Jason Dagit,wolfe.freenode.net
gsingh93,104.236.206.26,gsingh93,wilhelm.freenode.net
fryguybob,f27.cs.rochester.edu,Ryan Yates,wolfe.freenode.net
mudfog_,ec2-54-152-211-54.compute-1.amazonaws.com,andreas,barjavel.freenode.net
comietek,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uenxwareydslofks,Miëtek Bak,wolfe.freenode.net
Tritlo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ehibdtcnpojfrdtq,Matthias Pall Gissurarson,adams.freenode.net
granomoly,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fznqbkmozluqqmgg,granomoly,adams.freenode.net
Guest46119,185.66.250.157,arjen,card.freenode.net
byorgey,haskell/developer/byorgey,Brent Yorgey,leguin.freenode.net
milessabin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zrwbqyricdjttcqq,Miles Sabin,wolfe.freenode.net
Tristitia,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,One with Darkness,sinisalo.freenode.net
joel135,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-otxrwthlmkhikzyr,Joel Sjögren,wilhelm.freenode.net
crough,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yrmzmehaagzenmnn,Alex Feldman-Crough,wolfe.freenode.net
amiller,unaffiliated/socrates1024,Andrew Miller,sinisalo.freenode.net
bigs,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sbwvhlmfueaslouf,Cole Brown,wilhelm.freenode.net
Matajon,macdui.fi.muni.cz,Martin Jonáš,karatkievich.freenode.net
dogui,200.3.123.115,Guido Martínez,tepper.freenode.net
uwap,genja.uwap.name,uwap,orwell.freenode.net
effectfu1,176.51.19.37.dsl-dynamic.vsi.ru,User,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Cale,CPE9c5c8eb8e0c8-CM0c473de9d680.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,realname,card.freenode.net
enolan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jersdjqfijztpmtd,Echo Nolan,leguin.freenode.net
xplat,67.205.252.36,Bastard Moose,hitchcock.freenode.net
alanz,gateway/shell/firrre/x-tuqpcippfbkyuzmf,alanz,adams.freenode.net
alphonse23_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tukqyuettmgaccly,Sean Westfall,wilhelm.freenode.net
MoALTz,77-254-9-16.adsl.inetia.pl,NOYFB,asimov.freenode.net
fds,ks3358868.kimsufi.com,fds,karatkievich.freenode.net
pdxleif,ec2-54-68-166-10.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Leif Warner,weber.freenode.net
lounge-user11,taran.tardis.ed.ac.uk,The Lounge User,barjavel.freenode.net
Fuuzetsu,37.139.11.195,Shana,karatkievich.freenode.net
gallais,n142254.science.ru.nl,G. Allais,wilhelm.freenode.net
bairyn,unaffiliated/bob0,Byron Johnson,orwell.freenode.net
lambdabot,haskell/bot/lambdabot,Lambda_Robots:_100%_Loyal,wilhelm.freenode.net
staffehn,2001:41d0:52:d00::1d3,Frank,karatkievich.freenode.net
akr,aisa.fi.muni.cz,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
Prf_Jakob,volt/developer/jakob,Jakob Bornecrantz,barjavel.freenode.net
vlopez,schumpeter.ekb.sgsnet.se,vlopez,rajaniemi.freenode.net
djinni,68.ip-149-56-14.net,djinni,karatkievich.freenode.net
mankyKitty,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ptzkdishdnalmfkq,Sean,wilhelm.freenode.net
bernalex,gentoo/developer/fsf.member.bernalex,alexander berntsen,barjavel.freenode.net
Noldorin,unaffiliated/noldorin,Alex,niven.freenode.net
dolio,haskell/developer/dolio,Dan Doel,card.freenode.net
mbrcknl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fffgwjolumyrpcjy,Matthew Brecknell,adams.freenode.net
Wizek,catv-89-132-132-110.catv.broadband.hu,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
cyberlard,li1177-42.members.linode.com,cyberlard,sinisalo.freenode.net
kosmikus,haskell/developer/kosmikus,Kosmikus,wilhelm.freenode.net
errrr,200.3.123.115,er,card.freenode.net
hexagoxel,p200300798F667000021E33FFFE2231E9.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,hexagoxel,wilhelm.freenode.net
chris2,vuxu.org,Christian Neukirchen,niven.freenode.net
Saizan,li265-65.members.linode.com,Andrea Vezzosi,tepper.freenode.net
wagle,irc.wagle.io,Perry Wagle,,,,,verne.freenode.net
dgpratt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uicfqxrxnppvrigi,Daniel Pratt,adams.freenode.net
christiansen`,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:feae:5ff2,David Christiansen,niven.freenode.net
carter,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmhweqsuvocmbizu,Carter Schonwald,wolfe.freenode.net
jonsterling,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ghtyaunuaagzmwtw,Jonathan Sterling,wilhelm.freenode.net
foamz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gvxibsyatsqsyquw,johndoe1111,wolfe.freenode.net
Ralith_,c-24-143-67-131.customer.broadstripe.net,Ralith,tepper.freenode.net
dsm,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-apbwcujnxcalinec,dsm_,leguin.freenode.net
ezyang,biohazard-cafe.mit.edu,ezyang,verne.freenode.net
zama,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,zama,karatkievich.freenode.net
relrod,redhat/relrod,rickymain,asimov.freenode.net
ephemeron,unaffiliated/ephemeron,ephemeron,karatkievich.freenode.net
mudri,pip.srcf.societies.cam.ac.uk,James Wood,wolfe.freenode.net
mietek,unaffiliated/mietek,Miëtek Bak,sinisalo.freenode.net
dredozubov,37.139.21.214,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
elazul,unaffiliated/elazul,elazul,leguin.freenode.net
riddle,us.yunix.net,decadance,karatkievich.freenode.net
qmm,unaffiliated/qmm,Daniel Bennet,verne.freenode.net
mortberg,ssh0.math.ias.edu,,card.freenode.net
xplat|work,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bixihqqulaxfflzm,James Deikun,wilhelm.freenode.net
rpip,w00t.w00t.w00t.firrre.com,Yao,rajaniemi.freenode.net
copumpkin,haskell/developer/copumpkin,Gourdmeister,hitchcock.freenode.net
gluytium,45.63.76.107,is a fictional supervillain,card.freenode.net
Merv,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vfmgvjvyxojnsibj,Merv Hammer,wolfe.freenode.net
jgross,mass-toolpike.mit.edu,jgross,card.freenode.net
mbrock,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mwkmuwvpnnyvnufv,Mikael Brockman,adams.freenode.net
canndrew_,canndrew.org,Andrew Cann,orwell.freenode.net
stoopkid,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pkutxntzzukvwbtx,stoopkid,rajaniemi.freenode.net
doppioslash,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zxhavsbrdaoszwul,Claudia Doppioslash,barjavel.freenode.net
sclv,haskell/developer/sclv,sclv,adams.freenode.net
vikraman,gentoo/developer/vikraman,Vikraman,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ljhms,h-170-46.a486.priv.bahnhof.se,ljhms,card.freenode.net
jfdm,2a02:c7d:2e4c:a500:3d56:a670:d252:971,jfdm,sinisalo.freenode.net
liyang,flets-tk1194.kamome.or.jp,Liyang HU,rajaniemi.freenode.net
moei,softbank221078042071.bbtec.net,moei,verne.freenode.net
simonnn,gola.grd.sgsnet.se,Simon,verne.freenode.net
schoppenhauer,unaffiliated/schoppenhauer,css,adams.freenode.net
gnunet_bot,gnunet.informatik.tu-muenchen.de,gnunet_bot :http://drupal.org/project/bot,sinisalo.freenode.net
ceolin[AWAY],104.131.238.250,Flavio Ceolin,asimov.freenode.net
grothoff,pixel.decentralise.rennes.inria.fr,Christian Grothoff,sinisalo.freenode.net
Beagon,mew.bitbukket.com,Robin De Vries,adams.freenode.net
kwivix,a80-101-130-126.adsl.xs4all.nl,Ryan,wilhelm.freenode.net
twisted`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmeuevvcnrsegdxc,twisted,karatkievich.freenode.net
CornishPasty,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bkirbvtezxllqxyr,David White,adams.freenode.net
strmpnk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rvmlinalfbrafyqf,Brian Mitchell,niven.freenode.net
Licenser,gollum.licenser.net,Heinz,hitchcock.freenode.net
jah,pool-173-71-218-161.clppva.fios.verizon.net,jah,wolfe.freenode.net
evanmcc,pevm.net,evanmcc,orwell.freenode.net
vans163,159.203.9.86,vans163,card.freenode.net
gen_ale_drinker,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ttneylpgjvtsnokk,Michael Coles,wilhelm.freenode.net
byaruhaf_,ec2-52-43-250-252.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Byaruhanga Franklin,niven.freenode.net
_jared_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yvvcalvbmexzjdcj,Jared,adams.freenode.net
tristan__,104.236.174.41,tristan,weber.freenode.net
peerst,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mncjdmiubomjzsrg,Peer Stritzinger,card.freenode.net
ahf,irssi/staff/ahf,Alexander Færøy,verne.freenode.net
raek,h-152-114.a163.priv.bahnhof.se,Rasmus Svensson,asimov.freenode.net
jaydoane,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mezxlxkngaibyrlo,Jay Doane,wolfe.freenode.net
cmk_zzz,219-89-201-169.adsl.xtra.co.nz,Martin Karlsson,adams.freenode.net
ivan,unaffiliated/ivan/x-000001,ivan,wilhelm.freenode.net
kwmiebach__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ctegzgolqtindoyv,Kurt Miebach,wilhelm.freenode.net
cmeiklejohn2,gateway/shell/devio.us/x-qxvjeiuwytqbeivo,cmeiklejohn,barjavel.freenode.net
arpunk,unaffiliated/arpunk,Ricardo Lanziano,wolfe.freenode.net
carvite,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,carvite,wolfe.freenode.net
ericmj,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rvvyhobqjfaytsog,ericmj,wilhelm.freenode.net
MononcQc,168.235.69.158,Fred T-H,verne.freenode.net
ajwagner,bootlegbrewing.ca,AJW,karatkievich.freenode.net
omarkj,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vnebxqomfyqxpoub,Ómar Kjartan Yasin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
w1gz,ns336895.ip-178-32-220.eu,khs,karatkievich.freenode.net
cmeik,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wnysptkkvntgvpfi,Christopher Meiklejohn,adams.freenode.net
Guest71678,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-caqcfqprpdrtzrsm,Martin Schürrer,weber.freenode.net
jwheare,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ebjglxzmwixdgcmj,James Wheare,adams.freenode.net
siel,unaffiliated/motley,siel,karatkievich.freenode.net
ElectronicRU_,ppp91-76-140-13.pppoe.mtu-net.ru,Alex S,asimov.freenode.net
yurrriq,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-npxrqnmagzqwoyos,Eric Bailey,wolfe.freenode.net
fishcakez,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jjrvodqbddlrgqjz,James Fish,wolfe.freenode.net
Vorpal,unaffiliated/vorpal,Vorpal,barjavel.freenode.net
troutwine_away,192.241.213.130,Brian L. Troutwine,card.freenode.net
romana,unaffiliated/romana-/x-8401878,romana,asimov.freenode.net
tristan_____,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nqmzeprprgzcbkio,Tristan Sloughter,adams.freenode.net
dustinm`,149.56.14.68,dustinm,wolfe.freenode.net
joedevivo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zwzrhwmddlazlqye,Joe DeVivo,wilhelm.freenode.net
subsetpark,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ievdqrbpqzoedeaq,subsetpark,karatkievich.freenode.net
alisdair,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-arhaemolqpwmvjsj,alisdair sullivan,wolfe.freenode.net
larshesel,unaffiliated/larshesel,Lars Hesel Christensen,verne.freenode.net
workcjk,h-85-24-130-2.na.cust.bahnhof.se,Carl-Johan Kjellander,niven.freenode.net
dragan-s,68.47.183.86,Dragan Stancevic,tepper.freenode.net
mrallen1,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nfpdxyziztnxtali,Mark Allen,adams.freenode.net
derekbrown,ec2-52-5-195-72.compute-1.amazonaws.com,derekbrown,asimov.freenode.net
benoitc,couchdb/committer/pdpc.active.benoitc,benoitc,niven.freenode.net
aberghage,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gfitakukgpsglsro,Alex Berghage,niven.freenode.net
_laco,static.183.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,laco,weber.freenode.net
jkakar,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kizatgtjzniyrshm,jkakar,karatkievich.freenode.net
ohama,cicolina.org,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
puzza007,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gumluyhewaehsjiz,Paul Oliver,adams.freenode.net
nyaray,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lysgumdexdjtgouk,nyaray,wilhelm.freenode.net
RJ2,pdpc/supporter/professional/rj2,Richard Jones,card.freenode.net
steadfasterX,bz3.blackznc.net,steadfasterX,card.freenode.net
kldoc,nat1-hkg01.vmpanel.net,kldoc,card.freenode.net
zombibot,75-167-84-129.desm.qwest.net,CloudBot - https://git.io/CloudBot,rajaniemi.freenode.net
DevUt,unaffiliated/devut,DevUt,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
hardslog,68.232.66.229,hardslog,leguin.freenode.net
lj50036_,68.232.66.229,Joshua,weber.freenode.net
Tims_Tech,unaffiliated/tims-tech,Tim Wanders,weber.freenode.net
lj50036,unaffiliated/lj50036,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
_Ninji,curl.dog,512,1Ninji aka. Treeki,leguin.freenode.net
RoadrunnerWMC,104.236.106.247,RoadrunnerWMC,weber.freenode.net
Erawan,unaffiliated/erawanarifnugroh,Erawan Arif Nugroho,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
vultr,unaffiliated/vultr,Vultr,sinisalo.freenode.net
geordi,v.eelis.net,geordi,adams.freenode.net
Jubaleth,unaffiliated/jubaleth,Jubaleth,karatkievich.freenode.net
daedric,62-210-211-7.rev.poneytelecom.eu,S.",card.freenode.net
m94asr,s5.swsch.de,Trust my intuition!,orwell.freenode.net
funnel,unaffiliated/espiral,funnel,hitchcock.freenode.net
HM,81.4.101.225,HM,orwell.freenode.net
DrQuest,erkenbeck.org,NME,asimov.freenode.net
GGMethos,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fea8:426e,methos,niven.freenode.net
Nik05,unaffiliated/nik05,Nik05,kornbluth.freenode.net
zerkalo,ny1.hashbang.sh,myricae,adams.freenode.net
Orbitrix,c-76-127-14-226.hsd1.nm.comcast.net,...,verne.freenode.net
slidercrank,unaffiliated/slidercrank,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
_hanhart,static.141.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,barjavel.freenode.net
filcab,unaffiliated/filcab,Me,card.freenode.net
APic,apic.name,A. Pic. - my name since YOLD 3149,card.freenode.net
jeaye,unaffiliated/jeaye,Jeaye,card.freenode.net
electrostat,unaffiliated/electrostat,daglyfe,leguin.freenode.net
Stimpy,546B9624.cm-12-4c.dynamic.ziggo.nl,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
robert_,objectx/robert,KVIrc 4.2.0 Equilibrium http://kvirc.net/,orwell.freenode.net
Faux,fau.xxx,irssi,adams.freenode.net
Rendertwat,176.126.244.88,render,niven.freenode.net
Dark_Fox,204.14.239.53,Dark Fox,weber.freenode.net
r00twrh,73.44.33.86,r00tWearsRedHats,wilhelm.freenode.net
manuels,p20030072AF601F00678378839A324783.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
IceKarma,wikipedia/IceKarma,Don't cry, you'll still be loved...,orwell.freenode.net
Nilium,104.131.148.165,Nilium,asimov.freenode.net
Caelum,cachemiss.com,Rafael Kitover,karatkievich.freenode.net
naraku9333,unaffiliated/naraku9333,Sean,karatkievich.freenode.net
jinghou,unaffiliated/jinghou,...,asimov.freenode.net
strtok,thales.strtok.net,tokie,card.freenode.net
birdenbees,unaffiliated/jotham,don't fuck with the heffalump,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ERROH,unaffiliated/almathea,.,tepper.freenode.net
trigen,studiovideo.org,http://blog.cppse.nl,karatkievich.freenode.net
bigpet,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zinqbqcysijpsfag,Peter Tissen,sinisalo.freenode.net
paulmcm,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-atvtxthxazqzqbzc,Paul McMahon,adams.freenode.net
Zazzy,2a01:4f8:d16:1295::2,ZRMcLean,adams.freenode.net
kraft,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-yzagzsggfjafsanb,Na,orwell.freenode.net
sohail,unaffiliated/sohail,Sohail,rajaniemi.freenode.net
markelite,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-mvwzqsznmzjauohf,Mark,wolfe.freenode.net
lhtseng,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iwpvlawkrbnwkwxd,Linghua Tseng,karatkievich.freenode.net
JSharpe,104.238.169.52,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
carvite,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,carvite,wolfe.freenode.net
Khaotic,unaffiliated/khaotic,Khaotic,karatkievich.freenode.net
KaliLinuxGR,unaffiliated/kalilinuxgr,realname,asimov.freenode.net
RoyBellingan,89.101.131.177,Roy,barjavel.freenode.net
ImQ009,unaffiliated/imq009,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
TheCommieDuck,cpc72385-sotn14-2-0-cust173.15-1.cable.virginm.net,2Meow.,card.freenode.net
Kaslai,unaffiliated/kaslai,Kaslai,niven.freenode.net
Nycatelos,unaffiliated/illusional,Yidhra Kthanid,wilhelm.freenode.net
CustosLimen,unaffiliated/cust0slim3n,CustosLimen,tepper.freenode.net
blank,unaffiliated/blank,Nou Phabmixay,asimov.freenode.net
r0kc4t,felderundfiguren.de,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
Magiobiwan,unaffiliated/magiobiwan,Jeff,asimov.freenode.net
MaNI,169-1-150-185.ip.afrihost.co.za,MaNi@c,adams.freenode.net
Adrinael,barrel.rolli.org,Petri Latvala,wolfe.freenode.net
Bigcheese,unaffiliated/bigcheese,Bigcheese,wilhelm.freenode.net
acetoxy,knark.party,acetoxy,weber.freenode.net
TheFlash,banhammer.net,Sami Vuolli,orwell.freenode.net
rodgort,68.ip-149-56-14.net,rodgort,card.freenode.net
dyreshark,138.68.21.213,george,verne.freenode.net
Dreeso,2606:6000:cd8d:6f00:4b10:27f9:53f3:b3a,ed,wolfe.freenode.net
Donno,kodi/staff/Donno,Donno,sinisalo.freenode.net
urdh,unaffiliated/urdh,Simon Sigurdhsson,niven.freenode.net
nolyc,www.projectiwear.org,supybot,wolfe.freenode.net
betheynyx,45.63.76.107,Public key was not set,wilhelm.freenode.net
password2,unaffiliated/password2,password,hitchcock.freenode.net
unreal,unaffiliated/unreal,unreal,niven.freenode.net
Enthralled,unaffiliated/dxdydz,Enthraled,orwell.freenode.net
karthyk,2620:1e8:2:1::2fa,karthyk,wolfe.freenode.net
Zharf,xmms2/developer/Eclipser,Jonne Lehtinen,niven.freenode.net
TinoDidriksen,tinodidriksen.com,Tino Didriksen,wilhelm.freenode.net
irco,HSI-KBW-134-3-97-221.hsi14.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de,rico,rajaniemi.freenode.net
icedev,0x62.de,Manuel Herrmann,card.freenode.net
LovCAPONE,modemcable018.107-57-74.mc.videotron.ca,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
glenfe,unaffiliated/glenfe,realname,tepper.freenode.net
ohama,cicolina.org,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
Oxyd,pdpc/supporter/student/oxyd,Ondra,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dostoyevsky,213.73.96.62,Trust my intuition!,wilhelm.freenode.net
sparetire,unaffiliated/sparetire,spare,orwell.freenode.net
markuskj,62-44-231-18.bb.dnainternet.fi,Markus Järvinen,adams.freenode.net
dave-f,nightfall.bogus.net,dave-f,barjavel.freenode.net
Karethoth,89.33.6.195,Karet,hitchcock.freenode.net
LongyanG,15255.s.t4vps.eu,long yang,wolfe.freenode.net
przemkovv,gandalf.kari.put.poznan.pl,przemkovv,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Moto-chan,unaffiliated/moto-chan,Who knows,wolfe.freenode.net
Patrick,unaffiliated/patrick,Patrick Hudson,weber.freenode.net
DonaldTrumpBot,unaffiliated/patrick,Limnoria Limnoria 2016.10.02,rajaniemi.freenode.net
[Derek],unaffiliated/derek/x-8562683,no hope,wolfe.freenode.net
notizblock,nblock.org,notizblock,wilhelm.freenode.net
jzarl,fsfe/jzarl,zing,tepper.freenode.net
Zauberfisch,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pydxgrnbmdvqalef,Zauberfisch,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
mariok,rock-n-roll.proserver1.at,mariok,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Morosko,cetus.uberspace.de,Morosko,wolfe.freenode.net
franz0r,mail.franz0r.org,franz,orwell.freenode.net
ouchjars,adl1.vxnd.net,ouchjars,asimov.freenode.net
Cameron_D_,192.241.210.101,Cameron,card.freenode.net
Octaviderp,unaffiliated/enginemaniac,Flailing at you,asimov.freenode.net
Screwball,192.241.210.101,ScrewballTheBot,niven.freenode.net
Sellyme,adl1.vxnd.net,Sellyme,karatkievich.freenode.net
Red_M,unaffiliated/red-m/x-93568202,Red_M,leguin.freenode.net
Labrat_,192.241.230.216,Jared,niven.freenode.net
Kamilion,botters/Kamilion,I am kamilion. But you knew that, didn't you.,asimov.freenode.net
Unit193,ubuntu/member/unit193,...The never ending drums,weber.freenode.net
JasonO,unaffiliated/hereticlocke,Jason,weber.freenode.net
mpmc,unaffiliated/mpmc,Mark C [Bouncer],card.freenode.net
omnidan,touchlay/founder/omnidan,omnidan,weber.freenode.net
darkxst,ubuntu/member/darkxst,,wilhelm.freenode.net
smile,wikipedia/Smile4ever,New Now Know How,sinisalo.freenode.net
nhandler,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.nhandler,Nathan Handler,karatkievich.freenode.net
agaida,2a01:238:43b2:2300:4074:d967:4ee0:f1ca,Alf Gaida,adams.freenode.net
krismaguire,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eumfoaihioreffxg,krismaguire,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
mh,unaffiliated/weeb,hdrv,adams.freenode.net
RonWhoCares,unaffiliated/ronwhocares,New Now Know How,weber.freenode.net
mariogrip,ubuntu/member/mariogrip,Marius Gripsgard,adams.freenode.net
Noskcaj,ubuntu/member/noskcaj,Jackson Doak,niven.freenode.net
Meetingbot,phillw.net,lp:~ubuntu-bots/ubuntu-bots/meetingology,asimov.freenode.net
silverlion,linuxpadawan/master/silverlion,New Now Know How,sinisalo.freenode.net
phillw,unaffiliated/phillw,purple,wolfe.freenode.net
hyperair,ubuntu/member/hyperair,Chow Loong Jin - 0x588752A1,roddenberry.freenode.net
bipul,linuxpadawan/padawan/bipul,BIPUL.NET,niven.freenode.net
grumble,freenode/staff/grumble,grumble,sinisalo.freenode.net
KeithIMyers,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fdfqjbxrekxkggzv,Keith Myers,karatkievich.freenode.net
mosene,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-gkpfbysgfrqxklzb,(. )( .) Breast, areola, nipple.,sinisalo.freenode.net
jleclanche,HearthSim/Founder/Adys,Jerome Leclanche,adams.freenode.net
DragonEyes,unaffiliated/mohan-chml/bot/devilbot,DragonEyes,wilhelm.freenode.net
cli-rookie,an114.netikka.fi,cli-rookie3,adams.freenode.net
marcusramberg,2a03:b0c0:2:d0::6c:d001,Convos v0.99_17,sinisalo.freenode.net
Grinnz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gvhkgmbemulbuiop,Dan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
serano,2a00:f10:121:a00:4a2:8aff:fe00:18c8,serano,niven.freenode.net
mam_,cm-84.208.219.248.getinternet.no,Convos v0.99_17,asimov.freenode.net
trobotham,2602:ffb0:4:d55::1,nitemare,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mpapec,2a01:488:67:1000:b01c:31e4:0:1,Convos v0.99_11,niven.freenode.net
pink_mist,p3m/pink-mist,someone,card.freenode.net
jberger,208.93.68.138,Convos v0.99_15,verne.freenode.net
init7,unaffiliated/shqip,Convos v0.99_15,niven.freenode.net
batman,2a02:fe0:c140:90:10cd:4964:bfd7:d21a,Convos v0.99_17,sinisalo.freenode.net
alexxy,gentoo/developer/alexxy,Alexey Shvetsov,sinisalo.freenode.net
mva,gentoo/contributor/mva,Vadim A. Misbakh-Soloviov,card.freenode.net
kisak,unaffiliated/kisak,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
anYc,home.hadiko.uni-karlsruhe.de,Mario,verne.freenode.net
willikins,gentoo/bot/Willikins,Gentoo Services Bot, based on Ruby bot (c) Giusepp,adams.freenode.net
gandro,mars.t23h.de,Sebastian Wicki,weber.freenode.net
prettyvanilla,unaffiliated/prettyvanilla,prettyvanilla,hitchcock.freenode.net
jermar,93-153-64-87.tmcz.cz,Jakub Jermar,hitchcock.freenode.net
stux|work,37.48.121.205,stux,wilhelm.freenode.net
sigjuice,107.170.193.86,kill -JUICE $$,weber.freenode.net
jibanes,65.102.144.2,jason,hitchcock.freenode.net
Rondom,modo.nonmodosedetiam.net,Andreas Gnau,niven.freenode.net
schmonz,miracle-dirt.schmonz.com,Amitai Schlair,barjavel.freenode.net
copumpkin,haskell/developer/copumpkin,Gourdmeister,hitchcock.freenode.net
dograt,unaffiliated/dograt,dograt,card.freenode.net
ryoshu,netbsd/developer/kamil,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
alex4nder,ec2-52-33-60-95.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Alexander Guy,niven.freenode.net
justincormack,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-awwmdmksdgzfrzmx,Justin Cormack,wilhelm.freenode.net
cnuke,sysret.de,Josef,weber.freenode.net
liuw,2001:19f0:5000:8c53:5400:ff:fe18:4461,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
meena,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::1aef:a001,Ina Marlov,sinisalo.freenode.net
likewhoa,s2.maserver.com,Fernando Reyes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pyvpx,torch.itnowork.com,Aaron Glenn,hitchcock.freenode.net
brayniac,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iouskphnvzflqzzv,Brian,adams.freenode.net
thebsdbox,splat.thebsdbox.co.uk,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
ntucker,67.207.137.89,Neal Tucker,card.freenode.net
freqlabs,theanime.freqlabs.com,Freq Labs,karatkievich.freenode.net
mato,kotol.kotelna.sk,Martin Lucina,barjavel.freenode.net
mattg,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uppomoywlplcszkq,mattg,karatkievich.freenode.net
dezgot,molto.tcreech.com,dezgot,card.freenode.net
albanc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bufehiyynimmqjdj,Alban,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
chantra,unaffiliated/chantra,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
doaks,freenode/corporate-sponsor/privateinternetaccess.com/doaks,Daniel O,wilhelm.freenode.net
madx`,unaffiliated/madx/x-1668358,François Vaux,karatkievich.freenode.net
X-ATM0921,skedars.com,nodeJS IRC client,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ubuntulog2,elderberry.canonical.com,log bot:: contact rt@ubuntu.com,barjavel.freenode.net
rvr,8.red-88-25-156.staticip.rima-tde.net,Víctor R. Ruiz,verne.freenode.net
RagBal,82-168-15-181.ip.open.net,RagBal,tepper.freenode.net
rob_w,unaffiliated/rob-w/x-1112029,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
denix,pool-100-15-95-79.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Denys Dmytriyenko,orwell.freenode.net
thaytan,241.80.233.220.static.exetel.com.au,Jan Schmidt,wolfe.freenode.net
katyafervent_awa,91.218.144.129,katyafervent,niven.freenode.net
pkoraca,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rszuypuaesophklg,Petar Koraca,wilhelm.freenode.net
bmace,inet-hqmc08-o.oracle.com,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
fragatina,c-71-198-197-70.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Marga Millet,karatkievich.freenode.net
zimboboyd,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-nxmhfnbezgqdhybw,Zimbo Boyd,leguin.freenode.net
igormarnat_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gcknkcyssnfyxnad,Igor Marnat,wolfe.freenode.net
freerunner,frostman.ru,Victor Ryzhenkin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
yamamoto,i118-21-144-234.s30.a048.ap.plala.or.jp,yamamoto,tepper.freenode.net
dhellmann,2607:f298:5:101d:f816:3eff:feeb:310d,Doug Hellmann,karatkievich.freenode.net
pashkin,91.218.144.129,shroudBNC User,verne.freenode.net
dteselkin,91.218.144.129,Dmitry Teselkin,leguin.freenode.net
Ablu,46.101.196.114,Ablu,hitchcock.freenode.net
sslypushenko_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zqtwkkjgltjtynsr,sslypushenko,adams.freenode.net
rakhmerov,91.218.144.129,Renat Akhmerov,leguin.freenode.net
igormarnat,91.218.144.129,IgorMarnat,sinisalo.freenode.net
jhesketh,2401:1801:7801:103:be76:4eff:fe18:1053,Joshua Hesketh,roddenberry.freenode.net
evgenyl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pjfqwjehychzpmbh,Evgeny L,tepper.freenode.net
wasmum,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-abrhxdwupocmdpzp,wasmum,wilhelm.freenode.net
kzaitsev_ws,91.218.144.129,Kirill Zaitsev,hitchcock.freenode.net
ativelkov,91.218.144.129,Alexander Tivelkov,leguin.freenode.net
zigo,gplhost-3-pt.tunnel.tserv18.fra1.ipv6.he.net,Thomas Goirand,,,,rajaniemi.freenode.net
darland,89.223.66.48,Artem Tiumentcev,adams.freenode.net
openstackstatus,eavesdrop.openstack.org,openstackstatus,tepper.freenode.net
ruhe,frostman.ru,Ruslan Kamaldinov,niven.freenode.net
fuel-slackbot,irc-bouncer02.fuel-infra.org,*,wilhelm.freenode.net
tsufiev,91.218.144.129,Timur Sufiev,card.freenode.net
dgonzalez,148.251.114.23,Daniel Gonzalez,hitchcock.freenode.net
openstack,openstack/openstack,openstack,tepper.freenode.net
akuznetsova,91.218.144.129,Anastasia Kuznetsova,verne.freenode.net
Einherjer,69.64.40.177,Viking,leguin.freenode.net
openstackgerrit,review.openstack.org,openstackgerrit,card.freenode.net
skazi,90-156-68-195.internetia.net.pl,Jacek Tomasiak,karatkievich.freenode.net
