notadamthing,unaffiliated/nonothing,Owl,sinisalo.freenode.net
MarkAtwood,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nkqflvrwjjcfkdsa,Mark Atwood,weber.freenode.net
kragniz,nyaa.kragniz.eu,kragniz,asimov.freenode.net
jpmaxman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hbhdoeqsibkqnvpv,JpMaxMan,adams.freenode.net
greghaynes,irc.greghaynes.cloud,Gregory Haynes,barjavel.freenode.net
jamesmcarthur,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-alqnvqsbssosraov,Jimmy McArthur,wolfe.freenode.net
elimisteve,192.241.189.15,ubuntu,karatkievich.freenode.net
cryptag,ec2-54-210-125-241.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nobody,weber.freenode.net
jerkey,pe710.spaz.org,Jake Walters,hitchcock.freenode.net
dougt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iqqezeeltszujotc,Doug,adams.freenode.net
not-an-aardvark,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kjxpcuanixmlsrdf,not-an-aardvark,karatkievich.freenode.net
Mitar,common.tnode.com,Mitar,hitchcock.freenode.net
bholley_away,c-67-170-215-12.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Bobby Holley,karatkievich.freenode.net
suzak,www4346uf.sakura.ne.jp,suzak,wolfe.freenode.net
tilal6991,unaffiliated/tilal6991,Lalit Maganti,wolfe.freenode.net
ronaldlokers,sauron.ronaldlokers.eu,Ronald Lokers,karatkievich.freenode.net
othermaciej,104.193.171.235.PUBLIC.monkeybrains.net,Maciej Stachowiak,wilhelm.freenode.net
sivoais,unaffiliated/sivoais,Zaki Mughal (enetdown.org),barjavel.freenode.net
NavidZ,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eslfmwmkmranpnwj,Navid Zolghadr,adams.freenode.net
aklein,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lhldbhwglimvonaq,Adam Klein,wolfe.freenode.net
[swift],maya.sethfowler.org,swift,rajaniemi.freenode.net
marcosc,203.221.4.70,Marcos Caceres,tepper.freenode.net
Phae,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wmravonlhrsijjqa,Frances,wolfe.freenode.net
GPHemsley,pdpc/supporter/student/GPHemsley,Gordon P. Hemsley,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mven,cpe-173-174-112-125.austin.res.rr.com,hmm,asimov.freenode.net
moo-_-,lakka.kapsi.fi,Mikko Ohtamaa http://opensourcehacker.com,karatkievich.freenode.net
darcyclarke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-elnlwborlyivhnvn,Darcy Clarke,wilhelm.freenode.net
caitp,ec2-52-88-18-7.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Shaboobala,weber.freenode.net
jacobolus,70-36-196-50.dsl.static.fusionbroadband.com,jacobolus,wolfe.freenode.net
gavin_,CPE6c709fd310e1-CM00fc8d41e500.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,Gavin Sharp,verne.freenode.net
Guest6949,128.199.100.16,s1w,niven.freenode.net
falken,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ykhsghhooopzyoxn,Matt Falkenhagen,orwell.freenode.net
tobie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jtvduwimryemhsmf,Tobie Langel,wolfe.freenode.net
ondras,smaug.cz,ondras,verne.freenode.net
dcheng,104.132.0.90,Daniel Cheng,verne.freenode.net
farre,2620:101:8016:74::5:2d9,Andreas Farre,wilhelm.freenode.net
TabAtkins,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-olhvzvdcsjbldhuy,Tab Atkins Jr,karatkievich.freenode.net
timdream,gateway/web/mozilla/x-uhnbiuaoccqtcatg,Tim Chien,asimov.freenode.net
Workshiva,nat/google/x-tdayfmdqqidwscsa,Complex,verne.freenode.net
fkm,unaffiliated/fkm,Florian Mäder,leguin.freenode.net
jst,email.jstenback.com,Johnny Stenback,wolfe.freenode.net
CaseyLeask,14-201-25-198.static.tpgi.com.au,CaseyLeask,weber.freenode.net
rcombs,irc.rcombs.me,Rodger Combs,sinisalo.freenode.net
foolip,178.62.221.15,Philip Jägenstedt,rajaniemi.freenode.net
elijah,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gohrykoczswvdhrj,Elijah Lynn,wolfe.freenode.net
gwicke`,wikimedia/gwicke,Gabriel Wicke,barjavel.freenode.net
tndrH,cpc102574-lee211-2-0-cust219.7-1.cable.virginm.net,Rob Marshall,wilhelm.freenode.net
SimonSapin,hako.exyr.org,simon,barjavel.freenode.net
jochen__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pixfuwxoktbgewoq,Jochen,adams.freenode.net
rbyers,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-egltvmmhttsyueij,Rick Byers,wilhelm.freenode.net
miketaylr,192.241.222.35,Not Mike Taylor,karatkievich.freenode.net
dglazkov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gqluaoofdcysjjtn,Dimitri Glazkov,rajaniemi.freenode.net
alwu,gateway/web/mozilla/x-ryrndbtobepiazhx,Alastor Wu,asimov.freenode.net
malcolmva,184-23-28-207.dsl.dynamic.fusionbroadband.com,malcolmva,leguin.freenode.net
JoWie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fwtvmyqjspovnogv,Joris,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rego,fanzine.igalia.com,@mrego:igalia.com,karatkievich.freenode.net
sspi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-aqhnnbwpwpivmjis,Sander,wilhelm.freenode.net
JonathanNeal,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tjcqzgkhqmuxjaxj,Jonathan Neal,rajaniemi.freenode.net
TYLin_,gateway/web/mozilla/x-eymejahvstrjroox,Ting Yu Lin 林庭宇,niven.freenode.net
jcp__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yssdervostskwzzu,alex,leguin.freenode.net
halfline,nat/redhat/x-lbsxpijfftcekbad,Ray Strode,tepper.freenode.net
Zegnat,elnath.uberspace.de,Martijn,karatkievich.freenode.net
mounir,oldworld.fr,Mounir Lamouri,hitchcock.freenode.net
globbot,lump.glob.com.au,globbot (logs.glob.uno),card.freenode.net
Garbee,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jdrvihdqgtuzvrvo,Jonathan,adams.freenode.net
dominicc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mtgrfkkbdboebkdf,Dominic Cooney,orwell.freenode.net
hsivonen,46.226.110.51,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
mkwst,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kqlzlyzgaqaxnqgn,Mike  West,wilhelm.freenode.net
ngladitz,unaffiliated/ngladitz,Nils Gladitz,kornbluth.freenode.net
dan-,freenode/corporate-sponsor/privateinternetaccess.com/doaks,Nyan nyan,sinisalo.freenode.net
ecobos,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-takdwdfkboydpros,Emilio Cobos Álvarez,wolfe.freenode.net
hdv_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jvtxusxmykvufccn,Hidde de Vries,adams.freenode.net
sdn90,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tywonbbikgvvgfsx,Steven Nguyen,adams.freenode.net
schuki,vali.lamercake.org,schuki,verne.freenode.net
heycam|away,wok.mcc.id.au,Cameron McCormack,niven.freenode.net
cwilso,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bebnlfzwdzizmugo,Chris Wilson,wolfe.freenode.net
majidvp_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yxipncnznvlllgef,majidvp@chromium.org,tepper.freenode.net
jyasskin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fdpttnzvoxumpspa,Jeffrey Yasskin,leguin.freenode.net
dherman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nkkcwzrntvxqpwrc,David Herman,wolfe.freenode.net
trevnorris,162.243.211.225,Trevor Norris,niven.freenode.net
sz0,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uioggvqiwzvmumcv,Sonmez Kartal,adams.freenode.net
hswolff,207-38-134-4.c3-0.avec-ubr2.nyr-avec.ny.cable.rcn.com,hswolff,wolfe.freenode.net
ajpiano,li98-57.members.linode.com,adam j. sontag,leguin.freenode.net
botie,sideshowbarker.net,botie,wilhelm.freenode.net
krijn,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-deumlyqjzdoioqks,Krijn Hoetmer,niven.freenode.net
zama,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,zama,karatkievich.freenode.net
lilmonkey`,pdpc/supporter/professional/riven,lilmonkey,orwell.freenode.net
robogoat,163.172.136.88,robogoat,wolfe.freenode.net
MikeSmith,sideshowbarker.net,Michael[tm] Smith <mike@w3.org>,wilhelm.freenode.net
scheib,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ulkujctaodcpwrwi,Vincent Scheib,adams.freenode.net
riddle,us.yunix.net,decadance,karatkievich.freenode.net
mmn,192.95.22.58,Matt,karatkievich.freenode.net
Dashiva,wikia/Dashiva,Complex,tepper.freenode.net
dustinm`,149.56.14.68,dustinm,wolfe.freenode.net
clamstar,162.243.230.189,znc,hitchcock.freenode.net
nox,gateway/web/mozilla/x-gopszjvorkvmuamc,Anthony Ramine,wolfe.freenode.net
wycats,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-smfzvbsbrljmiitl,Yehuda Katz,adams.freenode.net
kochi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-seowwncdtfftqyeo,Takayoshi Kochi,card.freenode.net
stalled,unaffiliated/stalled,stalled,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bzed,shell.bzed.at,Bernd Zeimetz,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ricea,2401:fa00:4:1002:dd8e:c7c2:b415:8329,purple,roddenberry.freenode.net
krit,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tmidwgnrvlswfhmq,Dirk Schulze,card.freenode.net
jxs,108.61.167.230,void,weber.freenode.net
deathy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-irgoosiypdfslhos,deathy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
beverloo,2a00:79e0:d:209:751c:7262:6154:1c9a,Peter Beverloo,sinisalo.freenode.net
diffalot,unaffiliated/papyromancer,Andrew Davis,adams.freenode.net
wcpan,wcpan.me,wcpan,tepper.freenode.net
rwaldron,gateway/shell/jquery.com/x-eryinnrfdxtlvolh,Rick Waldron,verne.freenode.net
howitdo,unaffiliated/howitdo,howitdo,sinisalo.freenode.net
nunnun,2001:200:164:48:20c:29ff:fe02:11d2,Hirotaka Nakajima,karatkievich.freenode.net
hayato,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-etfhltdgxstijnjl,Hayato Ito,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pluma,unaffiliated/pluma,Alan Plum,wolfe.freenode.net
jorendorff_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dvwqcpcoalimlpwp,Jason Orendorff,adams.freenode.net
terinjokes,wikinews/Terinjokes,Terin Stock,orwell.freenode.net
antoligy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gapicqsviezuwywz,Alex Wilson,adams.freenode.net
paul_irish_,ve.hsh6wjwx.vesrv.com,Paul Irish,card.freenode.net
abarth,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ckjsdalmcnfqflnk,Adam Barth,wolfe.freenode.net
AustinMatherne,li1047-129.members.linode.com,Austin M. Matherne,card.freenode.net
Sebmaster,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mabqlyzzatqjpqsp,Sebastian Mayr,wolfe.freenode.net
howdoi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-imxeebhacldqcypz,howdoi,wilhelm.freenode.net
KevinMarks_,c-67-164-14-200.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Kevin Marks,barjavel.freenode.net
hasather,2a02:fe0:c131:7c50:e0fb:d551:9d3a:3983,David Håsäther,niven.freenode.net
JakeA,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xtiqihgsnauqvuwk,Jake Archibald,adams.freenode.net
mpt,canonical/mpt,Matthew Paul Thomas,leguin.freenode.net
astearns,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vigwtljbxvfrltay,Alan Stearns,niven.freenode.net
timoxley,128.199.65.199,Tim Oxley,barjavel.freenode.net
littledan__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pkthimothgobheqy,Daniel Ehrenberg,wolfe.freenode.net
adam_,CPE84948cc9ee51-CM84948cc9ee50.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,realname,card.freenode.net
flaki,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gfbrryyiiedqbeif,Flaki,weber.freenode.net
jkomoros_______,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uacstturkgqmrjul,Alex Komoroske,niven.freenode.net
mattur,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jhprodnjzqlabjpx,mattur,leguin.freenode.net
sangwhan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xvticrtyyjqnqqgx,Sangwhan Moon,adams.freenode.net
deniak,unaffiliated/deniak,Deniak,karatkievich.freenode.net
felixjet,96.red-79-152-236.dynamicip.rima-tde.net,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
wakaba,191.142.210.220.dy.bbexcite.jp,wakaba,asimov.freenode.net
mantaroh,gateway/web/mozilla/x-caadzjmhdoghshyp,Mantaroh Yoshinaga,adams.freenode.net
igrigorik,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sytfxjuzerncgzue,Ilya Grigorik,wilhelm.freenode.net
joelo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xhiusgkoqhatptgs,Joel Ong,adams.freenode.net
wanderview,gateway/web/mozilla/x-ounuhlwxickutqzb,Ben Kelly,tepper.freenode.net
Krinkle,wikimedia/Krinkle,Timo Tijhof,sinisalo.freenode.net
Johnny-,unaffiliated/johnny-,John,barjavel.freenode.net
duper,ca4.blackcatz.org,-%-*Unknown*-%-,weber.freenode.net
fusl,unaffiliated/fusl,fusl,adams.freenode.net
lerc,121-74-255-20.telstraclear.net,Neil Graham,,,,wilhelm.freenode.net
platicus,fanzine.igalia.com,matrixirc,rajaniemi.freenode.net
m4nu,mail.digitalbazaar.com,Manu Sporny,barjavel.freenode.net
abruanese,45.63.76.107,not bob,weber.freenode.net
jgraham,web91.webfaction.com,James Graham,weber.freenode.net
Domenic,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zyqlyexysfgcpthc,Domenic Denicola,wolfe.freenode.net
ryanpcmcquen,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-poxycdyxohxurphu,Ryan P.C. McQuen,wolfe.freenode.net
surma,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bzxintiqlxzwrhhr,Alexander Surma,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mystor,2620:101:8016:74::5:268,Michael Layzell,sinisalo.freenode.net
zewt,ec2-50-17-220-142.compute-1.amazonaws.com,foo,orwell.freenode.net
catalinb,gateway/web/mozilla/x-pqosdeoqmwfuozrz,Cătălin Badea,barjavel.freenode.net
Tenhi,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,Kauan,sinisalo.freenode.net
dbaron,2620:101:8016:74::5:2f3,L. David Baron,wilhelm.freenode.net
jamesr_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-guroztkisxlevkhy,James Robinson,karatkievich.freenode.net
birtles,gateway/web/mozilla/x-carjemmoajkvvhgg,Brian Birtles,verne.freenode.net
jmb,mail.parsifal.org.uk,jmb,sinisalo.freenode.net
gsnedders,5.2.16.23,Geoffrey Sneddon,hitchcock.freenode.net
dmurph,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jgepktdxluchlkni,Daniel Murphy,adams.freenode.net
kbrosnan,firefox/community/qa/kbrosnan,Kevin Brosnan,wolfe.freenode.net
fujihiro,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ggxfjkcjofwgrqfd,Fujii Hironori,sinisalo.freenode.net
esprehn,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zfvyhasydhggizus,Elliott Sprehn,weber.freenode.net
jhiesey,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jndbxswabmvgctlq,John Hiesey,adams.freenode.net
escu,taimen.sr2.fi,esc,karatkievich.freenode.net
soncodi,unaffiliated/soncodi,soncodi,niven.freenode.net
kochi1,2401:fa00:4:1002:45a:4ab1:c15a:34da,Takayoshi Kochi,rajaniemi.freenode.net
scott_gonzalez,gateway/shell/jquery.com/x-yinkbbhcvzhrrvtz,Scott González,verne.freenode.net
rektide_,eldergods.com,rektide,orwell.freenode.net
KiChjang,2601:646:c004:13c0:67cd:1fa4:61f0:f92f,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
calvaris{M},fanzine.igalia.com,@calvaris:igalia.com,karatkievich.freenode.net
dimich,104.132.51.73,Dmitry Titov,sinisalo.freenode.net
Philip`,compass.zaynar.co.uk,Philip Taylor,card.freenode.net
annevk,gateway/web/mozilla/x-yovzsvsupzfwaaoc,Anne van Kesteren,tepper.freenode.net
matijs,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wdrrkkqlhndvxnid,Matijs Brinkhuis,wilhelm.freenode.net
lokling,quassel.woboq.de,�yvind L�kling,orwell.freenode.net
alrra,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uwwteykvklftqepc,alrra,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sjums,hurtig.ninja,Alex,niven.freenode.net
timwis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uszajgcfmdxoaijd,Tim,adams.freenode.net
leviw_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qiujdagxvkiccpyw,Levi Weintraub,wolfe.freenode.net
tav,host31-52-139-191.range31-52.btcentralplus.com,tav,card.freenode.net
Bass10_,2601:440:c380:95e:61d7:61a0:8d51:66ca,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
daurnimator,unaffiliated/daurn,daurnimator,verne.freenode.net
Mek,kde/mkruisselbrink,Marijn Kruisselbrink,verne.freenode.net
beowulf,pdpc/supporter/professional/beowulf,Stephen Stewart,adams.freenode.net
strugee,strugee.net,Alex Jordan,karatkievich.freenode.net
iank___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jiyujctpffnusiju,Ian Kilpatrick,wolfe.freenode.net
hendry,888.dabase.com,Kai Hendry,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Alexendoo,macleod.io,Alex,card.freenode.net
robertkowalski,apache/committer/robertkowalski,robinson_k,asimov.freenode.net
hober,unaffiliated/hober,Theresa O'Connor,asimov.freenode.net
slightlyoff_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bklucdapfmvunzth,Alex Russell,karatkievich.freenode.net
webguynow,c-73-22-239-213.hsd1.il.comcast.net,...,orwell.freenode.net
deltab,ds6266.dedicated.turbodns.co.uk,deltab,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Cwiiis,2620:101:8016:74::5:e3,Christopher Lord,wilhelm.freenode.net
gnarf,unaffiliated/gnarf,Corey Frang,niven.freenode.net
daleharvey,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kwzqddjeeapcrtzw,Dale Harvey,adams.freenode.net
StoBrendo,236.ip-149-56-143.net,tux,karatkievich.freenode.net
mcasas,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-afikryspjzbtooqv,Miguel Casas-Sanchez,adams.freenode.net
nephyrin`,nemu.pointysoftware.net,neph,card.freenode.net
mathiasbynens,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ghkrvheuwmbhitpi,Mathias Bynens,wilhelm.freenode.net
timeless,firefox/developer/timeless,timeless,karatkievich.freenode.net
topaxi,topaxi.ch,topaxi,asimov.freenode.net
twisted`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmeuevvcnrsegdxc,twisted,karatkievich.freenode.net
dveditz_,gateway/web/mozilla/x-bvhxvyakmxfobfcp,Daniel Veditz,adams.freenode.net
phedenskog,wikimedia/PHedenskog-WMF,Peter Hedenskog,adams.freenode.net
tyoshino,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-stibxiazxvwqgzxf,Takeshi Yoshino,adams.freenode.net
yutak,2401:fa00:4:1002:e142:197:a19d:dd4a,Yuta Kitamura,karatkievich.freenode.net
amtiskaw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fezdinzxiyjshwgd,Jon Rimmer,adams.freenode.net
ms7821,rack.ms,Mark,karatkievich.freenode.net
mrflix,crux.uberspace.de,Felix Niklas,verne.freenode.net
Yudai_,c-67-161-30-143.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Yudai in Tiarra,adams.freenode.net
frewsxcv_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ernqevzxdxedleal,Corey Farwell,barjavel.freenode.net
brittanystoroz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rqullnccwqluujao,Brittany Storoz,leguin.freenode.net
bterlson,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hbitwcrbmrukszod,Brian Terlson,wolfe.freenode.net
AutomatedTester,unaffiliated/automatedtester,David Burns,niven.freenode.net
mjblack,znc.nims.io,Matthew J Black,orwell.freenode.net
markd_,91.194.158.21,Mark Davidson,verne.freenode.net
sbalukoff,2001:560:440c:3:5054:ff:feff:a30,Stephen Balukoff,sinisalo.freenode.net
jschwarz,nat/redhat/x-egbwnkiuehbcekds,John Schwarz,barjavel.freenode.net
yamamoto,i118-21-144-234.s30.a048.ap.plala.or.jp,yamamoto,tepper.freenode.net
ptoohill1,192.237.202.235,phillip.toohill,karatkievich.freenode.net
johnsom,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mxsfhpbjchcrlhse,Michael Johnson,adams.freenode.net
xgerman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-knggdqpswipqhuco,German Eichberger,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sticker_,202.58.44.48,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
greghaynes,irc.greghaynes.cloud,Gregory Haynes,barjavel.freenode.net
afranc,2001:558:fc11:1:f816:3eff:fe19:5bd,Luke,adams.freenode.net
mugsie,unaffiliated/mugsie,mugsie,tepper.freenode.net
mhayden,fedora/pdpc.active.rackerhacker,mhayden,wilhelm.freenode.net
ctracey,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nnplevrncwvzeqbf,Craig Tracey,wilhelm.freenode.net
dlundquist,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ajfcleckmowxwmxa,Dustin Lundquist,wolfe.freenode.net
strigazi,strigazi-personal-quick-04.cern.ch,Spyros,wolfe.freenode.net
mugsie_,unaffiliated/mugsie,Graham Hayes,wolfe.freenode.net
raginbajin,104.236.243.149,Joseph Bajin,asimov.freenode.net
dougwig,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zegjxqxuxgruildc,Doug Wiegley,adams.freenode.net
amit213,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rylpuchcbubvbhib,amit213,adams.freenode.net
vmtyler,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cjjqqvpsujqwuprt,Tyler Britten,adams.freenode.net
ptoohill,192.237.202.235,phillip.toohill,niven.freenode.net
Dave,freenode/staff/dave2,Dave Wickham,hitchcock.freenode.net
Kdecherf,2001:bc8:35e0:142:7368:616f:6c61:6e00,Kevin Decherf,adams.freenode.net
kong,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qsfuvzthchzofbgc,Lingxian Kong,wilhelm.freenode.net
ankur-gupta-f,50.56.228.1,purple,verne.freenode.net
blogan,166.78.242.100,Brandon Logan,orwell.freenode.net
bcafarel,redhat/bcafarel,Bernard Cafarelli,orwell.freenode.net
m-greene,63-149-115-97.dia.static.qwest.net,Matthew Greene,leguin.freenode.net
basilAB,2001:558:fc0a:100:f816:3eff:fef5:ae2e,bbaby000,sinisalo.freenode.net
jagardaniel,2a01:3b8:1968:fc00::1,daniel,sinisalo.freenode.net
mestery,163.172.136.211,Kyle Mestery,wilhelm.freenode.net
dasm,ec2-52-28-98-22.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Dariusz Smigiel,weber.freenode.net
openstack,openstack/openstack,openstack,tepper.freenode.net
openstackgerrit,review.openstack.org,openstackgerrit,card.freenode.net
kobis,208.91.1.34,Kobi Samoray,barjavel.freenode.net
zw_,spider.pfoe.be,ask me!,barjavel.freenode.net
redrobot,104.130.30.98,Douglas Mendizábal,adams.freenode.net
bradjones,unaffiliated/jab,Bradley Jones,tepper.freenode.net
kevinbenton,do-smtp.benton.pub,Kevin Benton,verne.freenode.net
logan-,irc.protiumit.com,logan,karatkievich.freenode.net
therve,178-245-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,Thomas Herve,asimov.freenode.net
darrenc,2401:1801:7800:101:be76:4eff:fe18:1a67,Darren Chan,karatkievich.freenode.net
amoralej|off,nat/redhat/x-kicjrviqfyzftdij,Alfredo Moralejo,tepper.freenode.net
HenryG,180.ip-158-69-198.net,Henry Gessau,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ipsecguy,dslb-092-073-021-138.092.073.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Andreas,tepper.freenode.net
kbyrne,79.97.60.146,Keith Byrne,karatkievich.freenode.net
pck,lopsa/lifetime/pckizer,Philip Kizer,verne.freenode.net
yuanying,FL1-122-135-42-171.tky.mesh.ad.jp,O.Motohiro,barjavel.freenode.net
nmagnezi,nat/redhat/x-dqikvugdjwwlxvse,Nir M,karatkievich.freenode.net
ajo,nat/redhat/x-genfcacusaxhhaby,Miguel Angel Ajo,tepper.freenode.net
amitry,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rwsfelncorocecnh,Andrew Mitry,wolfe.freenode.net
zetab,feedtrail.com,jesse,weber.freenode.net
rm_work,Maemo/community/cssu/rm-you,Adam,rajaniemi.freenode.net
_laco,static.183.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,laco,weber.freenode.net
zigo,gplhost-3-pt.tunnel.tserv18.fra1.ipv6.he.net,Thomas Goirand,,,,rajaniemi.freenode.net
agarner,104.236.74.172,aleph1,niven.freenode.net
jidar,104.207.140.225,jidar,weber.freenode.net
diltram,2605:6000:6fc0:1d:2139:f214:6dda:3fad,Lubosz Kosnik,niven.freenode.net
harlowja,64.202.160.76,Joshua Harlow,niven.freenode.net
bedis,62-210-208-230.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Baptiste Assmann,leguin.freenode.net
doko,2a01:4f8:200:53d4::2,Matthias Klose,,,,niven.freenode.net
cyphermox,ubuntu/member/pdpc.supporter.active.cyphermox,Matt Trudel,wilhelm.freenode.net
shadeslayer,kde/garg,Rohan Garg,verne.freenode.net
chiluk,172.34.213.162.lcy-01.canonistack.canonical.com,chiluk,,,,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hggdh,ubuntu/member/hggdh,C de-Avillez,leguin.freenode.net
PaulW2U,ubuntu/member/paulw2u,Paul White,tepper.freenode.net
pavlushka,ubuntu/member/pavlushka,Pavel Sayekat,tepper.freenode.net
stgraber,ubuntu/member/stgraber,Stéphane Graber,wilhelm.freenode.net
pleia2,your.worshipfulness.princessleia.com,Elizabeth K. Joseph,niven.freenode.net
rbasak,canonical/rbasak,Robie Basak,wilhelm.freenode.net
ahoneybun,ubuntu/member/ahoneybun,Aaron Honeycutt,weber.freenode.net
ubuntulog2,elderberry.canonical.com,log bot:: contact rt@ubuntu.com,barjavel.freenode.net
infinity,loki.0c3.net,Adam Conrad (B1CDE58F,C6CEA0C9),karatkievich.freenode.net
meetingology,ubuntu/bot/meetingology,meetingology,tepper.freenode.net
slangasek,becquer.dodds.net,Steve Langasek,sinisalo.freenode.net
ViperZ28,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-afrgajrrfbbwhzqb,Mike Carr,adams.freenode.net
Brandon15811_,195-154-86-162.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Got ZNC?,niven.freenode.net
boonkerz,static.130.78.9.5.clients.your-server.de,Peterson",niven.freenode.net
lermain,unaffiliated/lermain,qed,adams.freenode.net
pabs3,unaffiliated/pabs3,Paul Wise http://bonedaddy.net/pabs3/,weber.freenode.net
TheEternalAbyss,162.243.61.172,TheEternalAbyss,wolfe.freenode.net
drbean,124.219.83.42,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
sagerdearia,unaffiliated/necrodearia,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
ankh,xplr-96-44-106-9.xplornet.com,Liam R E Quin,barjavel.freenode.net
ecraven,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe93:15bb,nex,niven.freenode.net
RudyValencia,unaffiliated/rudyvalencia,Rudy Valencia,niven.freenode.net
paragn,fedora/paragn,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
JanC,lugwv/member/JanC,Jan Claeys,wilhelm.freenode.net
ugjka,ugjka.net,UgisG,card.freenode.net
ecloud,nat/qt/x-fwbmgegqbvibogfy,Shawn Rutledge,leguin.freenode.net
tagoh_,nat/redhat/x-lpsovdoveylzsdup,Akira TAGOH,verne.freenode.net
copyninja,samsargika.copyninja.info,Vasudeva Kamath,,,,orwell.freenode.net
raccccoon,irchelp/raccoon,Keeper Of The Keys.,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
higgins,68.ip-149-56-14.net,higgins,adams.freenode.net
tumdedum,unaffiliated/espiral,tum-de-dum,card.freenode.net
RoelN,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xgwnclfyxvutlmms,Roel N,adams.freenode.net
Pomax,d173-183-75-1.bchsia.telus.net,Call me Fluffles,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kzaitsev_ws,91.218.144.129,Kirill Zaitsev,hitchcock.freenode.net
nikhil,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-isdrethpnwykxrcs,Nikhil Komawar,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
tonyb,119.9.40.82,Tony Breeds,weber.freenode.net
sskripnick,178.150.139.198,purple,barjavel.freenode.net
mfedosin,212.44.150.238,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
docaedo,111.182.197.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,doc,wolfe.freenode.net
zigo,gplhost-3-pt.tunnel.tserv18.fra1.ipv6.he.net,Thomas Goirand,,,,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cyraxjoe,2607:f0d0:1103:106:e::12c,Joel Rivera,karatkievich.freenode.net
edmz,148-240-77-19.reservada.static.axtel.net,Got ZNC?,asimov.freenode.net
rdleon,66.228.50.204,Leon,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
tmoreira,redhat/tmoreira,Tiago Moreira Vieira,asimov.freenode.net
bind1,unaffiliated/bind,bind,karatkievich.freenode.net
johtso,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-erfkosglvevinqpl,Johannes,wilhelm.freenode.net
dav1d,volt/developer/dav1d,nope,wilhelm.freenode.net
varesa,ec2-52-49-18-111.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Esa Varemo,wolfe.freenode.net
mvantellingen,5ED365CA.cm-7-4b.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Michael van Tellingen,asimov.freenode.net
iamd3vil,188.166.247.216,root,rajaniemi.freenode.net
skot,207.244.67.21,Scott Hernandez,verne.freenode.net
s0undt3ch,80.69.34.153,As me!,barjavel.freenode.net
macmaN,90.190.182.21,i wear my sunglasses at night.,karatkievich.freenode.net
TheGun,189.90-149-92.nextgentel.com,Ronny Mandal,card.freenode.net
n-st,unaffiliated/n-st,n.st,karatkievich.freenode.net
dev,itc-scholz.de,Frank Scholz,tepper.freenode.net
xmj,freebsd/developer/xmj,Johannes Meixner (http://xmj.me/),rajaniemi.freenode.net
todder,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe2c:87da,todder,wolfe.freenode.net
Charlie,talk.til.you.drop.wolf.is,charlie,orwell.freenode.net
rtt_,wolverton.rsty.org,dickhead,hitchcock.freenode.net
asdf,trewq.pl,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
horde_,unaffiliated/horde,Mr. Doe,weber.freenode.net
dabukalam,unaffiliated/dabukalam,Danny,card.freenode.net
raj,unaffiliated/cypha,raj,weber.freenode.net
arkadefr,163.172.163.141,arkadefr,asimov.freenode.net
dunk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ixrtheihgqarozml,Duncan Gordon,wolfe.freenode.net
q_q,185.21.218.139,q_q,weber.freenode.net
LostSoul,78-11-228-60.static.ip.netia.com.pl,LostSoul,barjavel.freenode.net
Mowee,195-154-194-139.rev.poneytelecom.eu,_mowee,asimov.freenode.net
Junaos,unaffiliated/junaos,Got ZNC?,asimov.freenode.net
treebee1,opentrash.org,treebee,adams.freenode.net
el2ro,198.199.125.248,Sami,niven.freenode.net
zeller,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wsuumilddunoujtv,John Zeller,leguin.freenode.net
tanuki,68-200-133-146.res.bhn.net,Benjamin Geiger,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dyce_,ns3290920.ip-5-135-184.eu,otr,weber.freenode.net
eyi,triopw.us.to,eyi,card.freenode.net
ioull,195-154-250-195.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Unknown,card.freenode.net
tombin,curiosity.org,* I'm too lame to read BitchX.doc *,orwell.freenode.net
doobeh,45.32.161.206,doobeh,verne.freenode.net
JackMc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qcgbvzlypuwxwhvq,Jack McCracken,wilhelm.freenode.net
bfwg,cpc77020-warw18-2-0-cust462.3-2.cable.virginm.net,bfwg,card.freenode.net
SirScott,c-71-229-131-149.hsd1.co.comcast.net,Scott Sturdivant,orwell.freenode.net
DPini,150.36.14.37.dynamic.jazztel.es,David Pinilla,hitchcock.freenode.net
kaseoga_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-palygvlhdagjtevm,kaseOga,adams.freenode.net
jstvz,static-68-235-53-180.cust.tzulo.com,realname,niven.freenode.net
blackwind_123,117.192.141.192,The Chat Cool People Use,leguin.freenode.net
nbastin,geni/support/mondragon,nbastin,wolfe.freenode.net
Sonderblade,h-52-183.a157.priv.bahnhof.se,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
mariorz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gfpsqhlglwjuopaq,mario romero,rajaniemi.freenode.net
storrgie,znc.epiphyte.network,storrgie,karatkievich.freenode.net
anuvrat,e2e-10-61.e2enetworks.net.in,Anuvrat Parashar,hitchcock.freenode.net
t4c0c4t,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tuvgmxyxqeljvvhg,shawnp,adams.freenode.net
Tawonga,185.21.216.188,Tawonga__,adams.freenode.net
Steve[cloud],gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jbdyxwjbkvkuqauo,Steve McGrath,wilhelm.freenode.net
nullrouted,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-shaumecljegnevfl,nullrouted,barjavel.freenode.net
elijah,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gohrykoczswvdhrj,Elijah Lynn,wolfe.freenode.net
antranigv,cert.am,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
aru_,31-179-28-224.dynamic.chello.pl,aru,hitchcock.freenode.net
krisfremen,moneo.krisfremen.com,krisfremen,leguin.freenode.net
phryk,ip-37-24-162-208.hsi14.unitymediagroup.de,Your mom.,tepper.freenode.net
Zurfa,copper.sllabs.com,Ryan,wolfe.freenode.net
bjorn`,188.226.136.161,DISREGARD THE CONSTABULARY,niven.freenode.net
sknebel,2a01:4f8:201:2382::18,sknebel,adams.freenode.net
Lcaracol,unaffiliated/lcaracol,dreeepc,,,,orwell.freenode.net
txtsd,198.23.246.143,Herpington Derpson,asimov.freenode.net
Gianormagantrous,unaffiliated/pluc-pilou/x-3647764,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
scorphus,CAcert/User/scorphus,scorphus,weber.freenode.net
tdmackey,booleanhaiku.com,TD Mackey,hitchcock.freenode.net
pokey,216.105.171.80,pokey,weber.freenode.net
keemyb,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-pfisrspkrjqbeojk,Gordon Freeman,wolfe.freenode.net
munhitsu_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ihdnbizmxsifumgn,Mateusz Lapsa-Malawski,wolfe.freenode.net
jwhisnant,unaffiliated/jwhisnant,jwhisnant,wilhelm.freenode.net
wookienz,1-65-193-100.static.netvigator.com,Got ZNC?,barjavel.freenode.net
splbio,elvis.mu.org,Hep Auernheimer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sethf,2404:130:0:1000:9124:650c:7876:4d,Seth Fischer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
excalibr,gateway/shell/firrre/x-aszagjocosiaryoh,excalibr,asimov.freenode.net
tobiasvl,nostromo.uio.no,Tobias V. Langhoff,adams.freenode.net
wgwz-,45.55.193.150,wgwz,niven.freenode.net
xMopxShell,192.95.23.134,xMopxShell,asimov.freenode.net
justanotherbody,c-24-18-40-232.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,Mike Richards,barjavel.freenode.net
cn,cute.enterprises,china,leguin.freenode.net
oxsyn,shell.crunk.io,oxsyn,orwell.freenode.net
sparr,pdpc/supporter/active/sparr,sparr,niven.freenode.net
lxnch,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qfyvfhwqqqioiwlj,fnord,adams.freenode.net
Ssquidly,62-210-99-150.rev.poneytelecom.eu,squidly,asimov.freenode.net
mitsuhiko,ubuntu/member/mitsuhiko,Armin Ronacher,wolfe.freenode.net
wodim,kvirc/developer/wodim,3The Piper at the Gates of IRC,wilhelm.freenode.net
byte[],45.32.75.187,CM,verne.freenode.net
rekoil,itphone.edstud.chalmers.se,bjugard,orwell.freenode.net
jsjc,2604:2d80:882b:8730:deb:2980:4a36:b82d,Adium User,leguin.freenode.net
mkoskar,unaffiliated/mkoskar,Miroslav Koskar <http://mkoskar.com/>,adams.freenode.net
rivarun,ipa210.225.tellas.gr,rivarun,wilhelm.freenode.net
u0083,unaffiliated/u0083,u0083,verne.freenode.net
taargus429496729,104.131.71.142,taargus429496729,niven.freenode.net
Callek,gateway/web/mozilla/x-wgvqbztbwiwcebjf,Justin Wood,niven.freenode.net
asksol,107.170.240.121,Ask Solem,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pouledodue,modemcable055.113-179-173.mc.videotron.ca,Textual User,karatkievich.freenode.net
item4,116.41.94.210,item4,sinisalo.freenode.net
wisdomwolf,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yemlsirzbcmcehux,Wisdom Wolf,adams.freenode.net
GeorgeMCW_,2602:304:b095:3090:904b:3422:4518:186,George Kowalski,leguin.freenode.net
Kamilion,botters/Kamilion,I am kamilion. But you knew that, didn't you.,asimov.freenode.net
dh,bsd.ee,f21e6bb56a3405ea8dfbca47324aeeee,wolfe.freenode.net
munta,188.166.97.29,munta,weber.freenode.net
Someguy123,unaffiliated/compgenius999,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
jonafato-,162.209.103.217,jonafato,niven.freenode.net
SmokeyD,121.97.124.28,Dolf Andringa,sinisalo.freenode.net
ub|k,unaffiliated/mahound,P,wilhelm.freenode.net
Orbitrix,c-76-127-14-226.hsd1.nm.comcast.net,...,verne.freenode.net
scari,183.111.11.42,Younggun, Kim,weber.freenode.net
eycsigfy,ip156.ip-167-114-23.net,Eat your cornbread, son. It's good for ya.,tepper.freenode.net
speakman,unaffiliated/speakman,speakman,weber.freenode.net
Benguin,2a04:ad80:1:c6::87a4,Benjamin,leguin.freenode.net
heytrav,103.25.56.136,Trav Holton,verne.freenode.net
kanzure,unaffiliated/kanzure,Bryan Bishop,weber.freenode.net
ionelmc,python/site-packages/ionelmc,Ionel Cristian Mărieș,wilhelm.freenode.net
jek,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-afzjzygbsletupdx,jason kirtland,adams.freenode.net
JStoker,unaffiliated/jstoker,JStoker,niven.freenode.net
metoo,146.185.131.83,metoo,asimov.freenode.net
F2Knight[away],dev.voice1.me,F2Knight,barjavel.freenode.net
Amperture,24-136-5-183.c3-0.fld-ubr1.chi-fld.il.cable.rcn.com,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
kushal,fedora/kushal,Kushal Das,asimov.freenode.net
gmacon,unaffiliated/gmacon,gmacon,karatkievich.freenode.net
schneider,unaffiliated/schneider,schneider,verne.freenode.net
robert_,objectx/robert,KVIrc 4.2.0 Equilibrium http://kvirc.net/,orwell.freenode.net
[Tritium],venom.tritnet.com,Carnage,asimov.freenode.net
crane,chat.craneworks.de,Denny Crane,karatkievich.freenode.net
roolebo_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zmwqbpduzzaalwqv,Roman Bolshakov,wilhelm.freenode.net
yggi49,89.238.67.233,Clemens Kaposi,hitchcock.freenode.net
monty,unaffiliated/monty,cry some more,adams.freenode.net
untitaker,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wukhwqihndtwsydl,Markus Unterwaditzer,wolfe.freenode.net
sssilver,2605:6000:ee54:b500:4c01:c7ad:acb2:bb9f,Silver,karatkievich.freenode.net
ashoat,stevie.heliohost.org,Ashoat,karatkievich.freenode.net
citaret,192.110.165.243,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
|RicharD|,5.170.125.254,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
hayer,82.194.220.20,has bnc?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Peng,unaffiliated/peng,Matt Nordhoff,barjavel.freenode.net
ramnes,195-154-185-50.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Guillaume Gelin,verne.freenode.net
larsi,unaffiliated/larsi,lars,card.freenode.net
shiprex_1fk,107.170.199.166,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
TkTech,ec2-52-70-105-60.compute-1.amazonaws.com,tktech,adams.freenode.net
OliPicard,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vpizfvwciqgyfzdc,OliPicard,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jwanglof,178.62.167.99,jwanglof,verne.freenode.net
Yatekii,ns3002193.ip-37-59-41.eu,Noah,asimov.freenode.net
gthank,unaffiliated/gthank,Got ZNC?,verne.freenode.net
JesseH,oftn/oswg-member/JesseH,Jesse Horne,asimov.freenode.net
cultavix,unaffiliated/cultavix,cultavix,tepper.freenode.net
mcrawfor,ec2-75-101-166-252.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Miles Crawford,karatkievich.freenode.net
Fenhl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kwdvrvjmdywelrye,Fenhl,adams.freenode.net
CrackerJackMack,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe69:6a08,Kevin Landreth,wilhelm.freenode.net
Kronuz,unaffiliated/kronuz,German M. Bravo,wolfe.freenode.net
watersoul,172.245.255.61,Irc User,verne.freenode.net
rakiru,hi.i.wanted.to.let.you.all.know.that.i.think.incest.is.wince.st,rakiru,card.freenode.net
idr0p,idrjmp.pbugs.pw,idr0p,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pv2b,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lcqjzsfoobkrtpgv,Per von Zweigbergk,adams.freenode.net
emk,unaffiliated/emk,e,tepper.freenode.net
VoidFox,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-mhlsyjjnprehgrgt,VoidFox,niven.freenode.net
rfv,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fyruoqmvwhrudjnx,rfv,wolfe.freenode.net
kl4us,mxb-server2.top-ix.org,kl4us,karatkievich.freenode.net
kline,freenode/staff/enucs.kline,Gareth,weber.freenode.net
brodul,185.45.192.14,brodul,hitchcock.freenode.net
SteamWells,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-plivhqysbdjunilo,Mark,adams.freenode.net
jerrcs,198-50-138-187.bha01.nervex.net,jeremy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ThiefMaster,unaffiliated/thiefmaster,ThiefMaster,adams.freenode.net
lstanley,znc.liam.sh,Liam Stanley,weber.freenode.net
rymate1234,2001:41d0:1:9a60::1,Ryan,wilhelm.freenode.net
d3r1ck,104.130.131.7,root,asimov.freenode.net
18VAAAAD7,bnc.lol768.com,Jamie Mansfield,verne.freenode.net
jmcc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fixozpwtkcnxylni,James McClelland,verne.freenode.net
dustinm`,149.56.14.68,dustinm,wolfe.freenode.net
bzed,shell.bzed.at,Bernd Zeimetz,rajaniemi.freenode.net
grandy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ifbcbqkjtvifbqgf,Grandis McFaddon Lovejoy,wilhelm.freenode.net
Kaelten,WoWUIDev/WoWAce/WoWIFA/CurseStaff/kaelten,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
fengshaun,unaffiliated/fengshaun,fengshaun,card.freenode.net
doublemalt_,62-46-166-124.adsl.highway.telekom.at,realname,tepper.freenode.net
PickAndMix,128.199.96.54,PickAndMix,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Enthralled,unaffiliated/dxdydz,Enthraled,orwell.freenode.net
ThomasWaldmann,moinmoin/coreteam/thomas,Thomas Waldmann,adams.freenode.net
bVector,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-noszawkocgwtxbys,bV,wilhelm.freenode.net
futuredale,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fxbavnzjbzvyakfj,Dale Jung,wolfe.freenode.net
kolobyte,unaffiliated/kolobyte,kolobyte,weber.freenode.net
keekz,keekz.net,keekz,rajaniemi.freenode.net
realz,unaffiliated/realazthat,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
NeoID,62.141.130.47,NeoID,adams.freenode.net
rflot,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eomcupmbeqebsltp,rflot,wilhelm.freenode.net
junqed,178.70.31.5,junqed,hitchcock.freenode.net
fhackdroid,fedora/fhackdroid,fhackdroid,karatkievich.freenode.net
lkannan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mycolzcaxuenzcty,L K,wilhelm.freenode.net
catbusters,gateway/shell/firrre/x-psnykfelvlgoscmv,catbusters,leguin.freenode.net
mad-,shell.ishell.nu,none,adams.freenode.net
scraper,layer8.pwnz.org,SpaceScraper,weber.freenode.net
fredrikhl,myrsnipa.uio.no,Fredrik Larsen,hitchcock.freenode.net
ThiefMaster`,unaffiliated/thiefmaster,ThiefMaster,niven.freenode.net
afx,openbglab/staff/afx,afx,verne.freenode.net
Willis,107.161.160.241,Willis,adams.freenode.net
SunDwarf,WiseOS/Founder/Eyes,Sun,orwell.freenode.net
Frymaster,nervousenergy.co.uk,frymaster,karatkievich.freenode.net
Me4502,unaffiliated/me4502,Me4502,niven.freenode.net
hue,zirc/eclipse,hue,verne.freenode.net
hamdjan,unaffiliated/hamdjan,0123,karatkievich.freenode.net
CryingCyclops,ec2-54-187-212-117.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,CryingCyclops,wilhelm.freenode.net
CtrlC,unaffiliated/ctrlc,CtrlC,sinisalo.freenode.net
snoack_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rgvtcdarcmxldrcy,Sebastian Noack,adams.freenode.net
streety,jonathanstreet.com,Jonathan Street,orwell.freenode.net
dsc_,pwned.systems,dsc,orwell.freenode.net
FreeSpencer,unaffiliated/freespencer,FreeSpencer,karatkievich.freenode.net
Peng_,unaffiliated/peng,Matt Nordhoff,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gbutnaru,81.180.223.46,Gheorghita BUTNARU,wilhelm.freenode.net
jwit,gw.introvert.ca,tears from the moon,karatkievich.freenode.net
same_ol_2eez,static.77.82.251.148.clients.your-server.de,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
brunorocha,189-46-198-96.dsl.telesp.net.br,Bruno Rocha,card.freenode.net
Kamuela,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wtbmwwswpxmcqjqn,Kamuela,wolfe.freenode.net
vince,derelicts.org,vince,tepper.freenode.net
tm8522010,546B439D.cm-12-4b.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Thomas,asimov.freenode.net
rednul,199.48.163.219,rednul,karatkievich.freenode.net
ozmart,pentoo/user/ozmart,o,asimov.freenode.net
chaoflow_,0x2c.org,Florian Friesdorf,karatkievich.freenode.net
upsuper_,gateway/web/mozilla/x-ndrgoikssdgcbltb,Xidorn Quan 权循真,karatkievich.freenode.net
zepolen,ec2-52-29-0-221.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com,zepolen,adams.freenode.net
cyphase,unaffiliated/cyphase,Cyphase,orwell.freenode.net
BlackoutIsHere|O,znc.blackout.pw,BlackoutIsHere-freenode,wilhelm.freenode.net
WickedHangover,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe33:6f30,Wicked Hangover,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sgflt,port-92-203-58-35.dynamic.qsc.de,sgflt,barjavel.freenode.net
cruor99,118.24.34.95.customer.cdi.no,cruor99,sinisalo.freenode.net
gnumoksha,unaffiliated/gnumoksha,me,wilhelm.freenode.net
lordmauve,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tcpwgmqgebfwjkpg,Daniel Pope,adams.freenode.net
pingviini80,91.232.154.72,Jukka Ojaniemi,adams.freenode.net
slixpk,slix.io,Peter Kowalczyk,wilhelm.freenode.net
Ficapy,206.253.165.11,Adium User,tepper.freenode.net
wooster,loololololooolololooolloloo.llolo.lol,jerk,orwell.freenode.net
kern,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-ubaybqepgpoedisk,kern,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ronny,pida/ronny,ronnypfa,weber.freenode.net
majuscule,disinclined.org,Dylan Lloyd,weber.freenode.net
quackgyver,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-swtrwnvaheiefnef,quackgyver,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hadricus,alpha.hadric.us,hadric.us,wolfe.freenode.net
Azelphur,znc.azelphur.com,:: www.Azelphur.com ::,niven.freenode.net
Elizabeth,spy/botters.Eliz,Elizabeth,weber.freenode.net
carvite,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,carvite,wolfe.freenode.net
stefanfoulis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rbhcdaysirduedfz,Stefan Foulis,adams.freenode.net
SamLR,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-turkkeoowpntjmzd,SamLR,hitchcock.freenode.net
Deusdeorum|away,h-72-198.a230.priv.bahnhof.se,Deusdeorum,verne.freenode.net
merlincorey,sm.ok.es.nu.gs,merlin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
CustosLimen,unaffiliated/cust0slim3n,CustosLimen,tepper.freenode.net
Tawonga_,185.21.216.188,Tawonga__,leguin.freenode.net
rafaelmartins,gentoo/developer/rafaelmartins,Rafael G. Martins,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nopf,felderundfiguren.de,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
PsyKzz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qghhyuyxzeugdleh,PsyKzz,wolfe.freenode.net
eshlox,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rszjvcrvrnvpavuk,Przemysław Kołodziejczyk,wilhelm.freenode.net
jamierocks,lon1.lexteam.xyz,Jamie Mansfield,hitchcock.freenode.net
BlaXpirit,blaxpirit.com,Oleh Prypin,wilhelm.freenode.net
Aster,april-fools/2013/ninth/aster,Mischa Aster Sarah Alff,barjavel.freenode.net
xychix,router.e3e.nl,xychix,orwell.freenode.net
ploop,unaffiliated/ruukasu,ploop,barjavel.freenode.net
wolph,mail.hyperion-project.org,wolph,weber.freenode.net
[42],nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,wilhelm.freenode.net
EmoSpice,2610:148:610:5a28:e663:6784:7ab5:a7fb,EmoSpice,wilhelm.freenode.net
ipsecguy,dslb-092-073-021-138.092.073.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Andreas,tepper.freenode.net
McJesus,butts.the-jesus.com,JESUS,leguin.freenode.net
lastmikoi,vm-01.lastmikoi.net,lastmikoi,niven.freenode.net
herme5,unaffiliated/codingkevin,mote,asimov.freenode.net
Guest94621,2606:df00:3:0:216:3cff:fe68:30d9,binaryatrocity,wilhelm.freenode.net
Toba_,freyr.truct.org,Eric Stein,weber.freenode.net
Gentle,quassel/contributors/gentle,Ramon Klass,wilhelm.freenode.net
HJess,null.daligraf.dk,Ask me,sinisalo.freenode.net
Not-ba84,198.199.82.216,Notifico! - http://n.tkte.ch/,asimov.freenode.net
syrius,thunder.stormtek.net,syrius,card.freenode.net
jeverling,jeverling.de,Jesaja Everling,tepper.freenode.net
_habnabit,python/site-packages/habnabit,_Harold Abnabit,verne.freenode.net
ImpAbuse,unaffiliated/impabuse,ImpAbuse,asimov.freenode.net
d10n,unaffiliated/d10n,d10n,niven.freenode.net
fluter,fedora/fluter,FDZ,karatkievich.freenode.net
Pyrus,unaffiliated/pyrus,Pyrus,karatkievich.freenode.net
cryptic,67-8-35-31.res.bhn.net,cryptic-,adams.freenode.net
[diecast],gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cckubxpvrmbjsoda,diecast,wilhelm.freenode.net
kerozene,unaffiliated/kerozene,kerozene,card.freenode.net
ben2367,kde/bport,Benjamin Port,wilhelm.freenode.net
funnyguy,74.207.236.96,funnyguy,card.freenode.net
FrostyX,31-132-18-7.ip.jes.cz,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
phtes,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-befebsieyqpjldjq,Kasey,adams.freenode.net
elmcrest,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-avoydvwycypdjltr,Marius Raesener,wolfe.freenode.net
fub,ip-178-200-236-172.hsi07.unitymediagroup.de,fub,orwell.freenode.net
Guest48819,uk-svc.snnap.net,Tom S,karatkievich.freenode.net
Cheaterman,unaffiliated/cheaterman,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
gehaxelt,ns359051.ip-91-121-155.eu,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
__number5__,unaffiliated/bwang,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
esmiurium,45.63.76.107,Page Closed,karatkievich.freenode.net
forgot,unaffiliated/forgot,Unknown,kornbluth.freenode.net
corbyhaas,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bwwqytviujifpnyh,Corby Haas,karatkievich.freenode.net
devster31,2001:41d0:1:a3af::1,devsterknight,wolfe.freenode.net
crisisking,mute.somethingdead.com,bryan,verne.freenode.net
ggherdov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vbwaayesufqmtyef,Giovanni Gherdovich,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ionte,c-31-209-59-170.cust.bredband2.com,Jonatan Magnusson,adams.freenode.net
wgwz,unaffiliated/wgwz,wgwz,card.freenode.net
IonutVan_,opensuse/member/IonutVan,Ionut Vancea,barjavel.freenode.net
Guest24142,52.10.207.113,Varun Sharma,wilhelm.freenode.net
eseifert,p5B078AD7.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Erich Seifert,card.freenode.net
dist,xen.ihme.org,Taneli Kaivola,orwell.freenode.net
OlaNys,2a03:b0c0:1:d0::a5:6001,Ola,niven.freenode.net
codey,unaffiliated/codey,Codey Oxley,wilhelm.freenode.net
[Arfrever],apache/committer/Arfrever,Arfrever Frehtes Taifersar Arahesis,niven.freenode.net
kleinweby,unaffiliated/kleinweby,Christian Speich,adams.freenode.net
disconnected,unaffiliated/disconnected,disconnected,karatkievich.freenode.net
tom29739,wikipedia/tom29739,tom29739,niven.freenode.net
jaapz,141.138.199.174,jaapz,adams.freenode.net
jeffreylevesque,pool-100-15-106-25.washdc.fios.verizon.net,New Now Know How,barjavel.freenode.net
TooLmaN,159.203.132.32,TooLmaN,karatkievich.freenode.net
Jarus,irc.thelabmill.de,Christoph Heer,wilhelm.freenode.net
SirCmpwn,irc.sircmpwn.com,Drew DeVault,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
xsteadfastx,dslb-178-011-002-230.178.011.pools.vodafone-ip.de,marv,weber.freenode.net
zmo,leloop/guyzmo,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
izibi,marvin.0x01.eu,julian,rajaniemi.freenode.net
aboudreault,osgeo/member/aboudreault,Alan Boudreault,barjavel.freenode.net
dirn,162.209.103.217,Andy Dirnberger,barjavel.freenode.net
Taggnostr,host95-6-dynamic.50-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,Ezio Melotti,card.freenode.net
dreimark,moinmoin/coreteam/reimar,Reimar Bauer,sinisalo.freenode.net
jesopo,lolnerd.net,jesopo,adams.freenode.net
raydeo,merickel.org,Michael Merickel,orwell.freenode.net
myheadhurts,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cetwkzfnwwiqttvp,Ahmed Elsabbahy,wilhelm.freenode.net
jezdez,django/committer/jezdez,Jannis Leidel,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mcdonc,192.241.181.224,Chris McDonough,barjavel.freenode.net
aaron7,178.62.69.194,Aaron Kirkbride,wilhelm.freenode.net
[d__d],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pelbred,maskt.pw,pelbred,wilhelm.freenode.net
anthony25,aruhier.fr,Anthony,sinisalo.freenode.net
nickle,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pbqdgwbtlfwbnfga,Nick,wilhelm.freenode.net
metalgamer,metalgamer.eu,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
pygirl24_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nsdhreurecevgosh,Molly Alba,adams.freenode.net
brotatos,unaffiliated/brotatos,robin,card.freenode.net
dc`,unaffiliated/dc/x-2221435,dc,niven.freenode.net
velner,icculus.org,velner,asimov.freenode.net
thomi,ubuntu/member/thomi,Thomi Richards,adams.freenode.net
cwillu_at_work,216-174-137-166.sktn.static.sasknet.sk.ca,Carey Underwood,verne.freenode.net
mcon,host229-218-dynamic.6-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,mcon,wolfe.freenode.net
ahmed_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bbuwknkwrmnvhvet,ahmedbodi,wolfe.freenode.net
kemurphy,192.241.142.153,Kevin Murphy,karatkievich.freenode.net
kblin,samba/team/kai,Kai Blin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
paratox,unaffiliated/paratox,paratox,card.freenode.net
Orochimarufan,2001:1608:12:0:444:def:e5a:ed4,Taeyeon,adams.freenode.net
ChrisJames02170,ool-1826eaa1.dyn.optonline.net, Python Bot,niven.freenode.net
ollien,104.236.120.124,Nick,wilhelm.freenode.net
FRAJ,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-ylxsreeknckscwuy,Into the Wild.,karatkievich.freenode.net
joy,106.51.131.46,New Now Know How,karatkievich.freenode.net
pmz_,labs.nevra.net,Gr�goire Gilbert,adams.freenode.net
TodPunk,68.169.47.218,Tod,wolfe.freenode.net
tonfa,2001:bc8:3ab7::c0:ffee,Benoit BOISSINOT,wilhelm.freenode.net
maedox,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fuaznmnvykpwvcib,Pål,leguin.freenode.net
flypps_,c035.cyan.servdiscount-customer.com,Flypps,sinisalo.freenode.net
Norbin,178.62.84.53,Norbin,adams.freenode.net
soud,unaffiliated/soud,Master of evil,wolfe.freenode.net
bmcginty,100.subnet-66-44-204.ellijay.com,bmcginty,wilhelm.freenode.net
swartzcr_,swartzcr.the-nsa.org,Noah Swartz,asimov.freenode.net
kinabalu,unaffiliated/kinabalu,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
mangala,208.68.95.138,AS31334 AS12732 AS44716,wolfe.freenode.net
hays,93.171.216.190,Steven Hay,adams.freenode.net
c17r,c-76-111-82-24.hsd1.va.comcast.net,c17r,karatkievich.freenode.net
chief,ablt64.neoplus.adsl.tpnet.pl,Lennart Regebro,weber.freenode.net
ms7821,rack.ms,Mark,karatkievich.freenode.net
same_ol_1eez,static.77.82.251.148.clients.your-server.de,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
mssssm,harting.hosting,mssssm,adams.freenode.net
tracernz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-htkzhsufwcmjiqlx,tracernz,karatkievich.freenode.net
cbednarski,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gythjjxmaeqagepc,Chris Bednarski,adams.freenode.net
rknLA,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rbknrctfsbyndreu,R. Kevin Nelson,karatkievich.freenode.net
Circlefusion,cpe-74-132-161-93.kya.res.rr.com,Brian,orwell.freenode.net
Len,n248h247.sprintdatacenter.net,Lenisko,niven.freenode.net
gadams,unaffiliated/gadams,G.A.,asimov.freenode.net
sadbox,sadbox.org,James McGuire,verne.freenode.net
brainfreeze,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-cxndvpbgqyihyzcj,brain_freeze,karatkievich.freenode.net
GrayArea,cpc73846-dals21-2-0-cust384.20-2.cable.virginm.net,GrayArea,wilhelm.freenode.net
canton,2a02:810d:26c0:11c8:6c20:9184:be1a:cc62,Christian Anton,niven.freenode.net
WhatsCS,fucking.jointheb.org,fdsa,asimov.freenode.net
BytesAndCoffee,bytes.coffee,yazdmich,adams.freenode.net
armani,kernelinvaders.com,nothing,adams.freenode.net
tdn,syrah.adora.dk,Thomas,wilhelm.freenode.net
clampz,unaffiliated/clampz,clampz,adams.freenode.net
shoup,45.63.76.107,Slick,leguin.freenode.net
stacksmasher,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ykyvfznegyiwkkzt,stacksmasher,wilhelm.freenode.net
gaffe,unaffiliated/gaffe,ubuntu,karatkievich.freenode.net
for5aken,mail.atozed.com,for5aken,weber.freenode.net
CodeBlueDev,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.73.3.230.114,CodeBlueDev,barjavel.freenode.net
kee7a,unaffiliated/kee7a,kee7a,karatkievich.freenode.net
for5aken_,144.202.228.211,for5aken,roddenberry.freenode.net
codebot,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe70:660c,pbot,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
grazfather,ec2-54-149-226-98.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,grazfather,adams.freenode.net
uafio,159.203.81.91,qwe,niven.freenode.net
aedinius,unaffiliated/aedinius,andrewb,verne.freenode.net
hurricanerix,108.34.154.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,hurricanerix,niven.freenode.net
jkordish,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rhxdoiowfatconnw,Joseph Kordish,wilhelm.freenode.net
jmhmccr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uywqcvipfuuzucfc,bluehavana,adams.freenode.net
smidlers,redhat/smyers,Sean Myers,rajaniemi.freenode.net
smyers,redhat/smyers,Sean Myers,karatkievich.freenode.net
pulpbot,nat/redhat/x-sjxiqnvsmjwbdymt,www.pulpproject.org,weber.freenode.net
bowlofeggs,fedora/bowlofeggs,Randy Barlow,barjavel.freenode.net
PimmunyPimun,ns3050863.ip-137-74-201.eu,Pieman,verne.freenode.net
Haidawe,unaffiliated/haidawe,Haidawe,wolfe.freenode.net
rolig,unaffiliated/rollig,I always lie.,wolfe.freenode.net
hg341,cpe-172-72-178-208.carolina.res.rr.com,realname,leguin.freenode.net
Razer,unaffiliated/razer1103,Razer1103,hitchcock.freenode.net
runawayfive,unaffiliated/runawayfive,nope,karatkievich.freenode.net
Spy,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-kwleslflvimivtts,Muff Cabbage,sinisalo.freenode.net
SanskritFritz,193.6.128.171,Sanskrit Fritz,adams.freenode.net
dabbill,c-73-140-159-160.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,Ryan Gillette,leguin.freenode.net
Sockbat,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-iucvrjtmqysfxexa,sockbat,niven.freenode.net
DMackey,cpe-67-246-122-255.twcny.res.rr.com,Daniel V. Mackey,roddenberry.freenode.net
iamtew,stupid.systems,Mikael,weber.freenode.net
froike,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-bwhvpvlqcnfydxdg,froike,wilhelm.freenode.net
alt72250,c-73-157-22-36.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,7,100real,barjavel.freenode.net
Robby,chillum.thcgirls.com,Robby,niven.freenode.net
nm0i,me0w.net,Maxim Landau,wolfe.freenode.net
VargaD,188-143-108-97.pool.digikabel.hu,Daniel Varga,orwell.freenode.net
Not_a_Robot_,251.red-80-29-48.adsl.static.ccgg.telefonica.net,Not_a_Robot,leguin.freenode.net
Pest,ppp91-122-47-101.pppoe.avangarddsl.ru,Mark,wolfe.freenode.net
cheapie,li904-16.members.linode.com,cheapie,niven.freenode.net
ruskie,sourcemage/mage/ruskie,ruskie,adams.freenode.net
FreeFull,defocus/sausage-lover,FreeFull,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nyuszika7h,lykos/dev/nyuszika7h,nyuszika7h,verne.freenode.net
agaran,pld-linux/agaran,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
turtleman,pool-173-70-124-176.nwrknj.fios.verizon.net,turtleman,verne.freenode.net
book`_,68.ip-149-56-14.net,book,wolfe.freenode.net
loggingbot_,kitsunemimi.pw,http://irc.minetest.net/,wolfe.freenode.net
erstazi,unaffiliated/erstazi,erstazi,asimov.freenode.net
PjotrOrial,unaffiliated/pjotrorial,Stefan Beller,verne.freenode.net
Azelphur,znc.azelphur.com,:: www.Azelphur.com ::,niven.freenode.net
thePalindrome,2604:a880:800:10::dea:7001,Alex Ford,wolfe.freenode.net
Gizmokid2005,dedi2.gizmokid2005.com,Gizmokid2005,karatkievich.freenode.net
sonicpp,havhav.seb.rev-fortech.cz,Jan Havran,weber.freenode.net
JTE,catgirl.goddess.moe,Yukita Mayako,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dvere,rajec.dvere.org,Anthony La Porte,karatkievich.freenode.net
ShrewdSpirit,37.27.66.27,realname,asimov.freenode.net
KikaRz,unaffiliated/kikarz,Francisca Rodrigues,niven.freenode.net
ploop,unaffiliated/ruukasu,ploop,barjavel.freenode.net
e1z0,netlinux/founder/e1z0,:O,orwell.freenode.net
geir1,162.218.232.246,1,barjavel.freenode.net
Cerise,unaffiliated/cerise,Jerry,wolfe.freenode.net
lumidify,unaffiliated/lumidify,Lumidify Productions,card.freenode.net
Hirato_,115-166-36-98.dyn.iinet.net.au,ひらときらた,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tristitia,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,One with Darkness,sinisalo.freenode.net
hoodedice,unaffiliated/hoodedice,realname,adams.freenode.net
Telesight,4dae0c97.ftth.telfortglasvezel.nl,purple,kornbluth.freenode.net
fusl,unaffiliated/fusl,fusl,adams.freenode.net
Freejack,unaffiliated/freejack,Freejack,wolfe.freenode.net
WillMoogle,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wvcutyzdkvhgjdou,Will,wolfe.freenode.net
superfly,openlp/developer/superfly,Raoul Snyman,adams.freenode.net
MinetestBot,unaffiliated/sfan5/bot/minetestbot,MinetestBot, based on phenny,card.freenode.net
abruanese,45.63.76.107,not bob,weber.freenode.net
Krock,unaffiliated/krock,Krock,tepper.freenode.net
Brikooba,55d47e5a.access.ecotel.net,Name,wilhelm.freenode.net
Fixer,213.179.252.8,Anonymvs,karatkievich.freenode.net
ShadowNinja,unaffiliated/shadowninja,Owen,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tux[Qyou],unaffiliated/tux-qyou/x-4822048,mr Charming, did you think you were pure?,asimov.freenode.net
BrandonReese,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-tovxerbophhendnq,BrandonReese,wilhelm.freenode.net
frostsnow,static-50-43-56-137.bvtn.or.frontiernet.net,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
SmugLeaf,unaffiliated/weedy,Weedy,niven.freenode.net
grumble,freenode/staff/grumble,grumble,sinisalo.freenode.net
OldCoder,unaffiliated/oldcoder,OldCoder,weber.freenode.net
Shara,unaffiliated/shara,Shara,niven.freenode.net
eeew,188.227.225.163,eeew,adams.freenode.net
GrimKriegor,19.157.62.94.rev.vodafone.pt,Grim Kriegor,barjavel.freenode.net
tonnerkiller,debenny.de,Benjamin Koppe,,none,none,barjavel.freenode.net
Szkodnix,87-206-152-210.dynamic.chello.pl,realname,card.freenode.net
XeonSquared,210-1-213-55-cpe.spintel.net.au,ShadowKatStudios,adams.freenode.net
Hijiri,104.236.61.10,Hijiri,karatkievich.freenode.net
shivajiva,31.14.135.5,shivajiva,orwell.freenode.net
crazyR,unaffiliated/crazyr,realname,niven.freenode.net
nore,sas.eleves.ens.fr,ncourant,rajaniemi.freenode.net
CWz,unaffiliated/cwz,ChaosWormz,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Someguy123,unaffiliated/compgenius999,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
Sokomine,port-92-196-50-233.dynamic.qsc.de,Sokomine,kornbluth.freenode.net
fling,fsf/member/fling,fling,card.freenode.net
Exagone313,elou.world,http://elou.world,orwell.freenode.net
Calinou,unaffiliated/calinou,Calinou,hitchcock.freenode.net
asl97,unaffiliated/asl,asl97,orwell.freenode.net
Chinchou,gateway/vpn/mullvad/x-vjjbmsgzfwnflssu,MQN,wolfe.freenode.net
TC01,london.acm.jhu.edu,Ben Rosser,sinisalo.freenode.net
moparisthebest,unaffiliated/moparisthebest,mopar,adams.freenode.net
basxto,ip-176-199-235-97.hsi06.unitymediagroup.de,Sebastian Riedel,verne.freenode.net
Fritigern,c-67-170-30-149.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,44,8Fritigern,card.freenode.net
xerox123,unaffiliated/xerox123,xerox123,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
xunto,188.242.93.125,purple,tepper.freenode.net
behalebabo,cpe-45-46-85-168.maine.res.rr.com,Beha,hitchcock.freenode.net
Hinsbart,46.101.149.146,Hondres,barjavel.freenode.net
greeter,2604:180:2:117:cafe:babe:dead:beef,greeter,karatkievich.freenode.net
pozzoni,2604:180::5a69:7f32,pozzoni,wilhelm.freenode.net
est31,gateway/tor-sasl/est31,est31,est,est31_,zelazny.freenode.net
Out`Of`Control,unaffiliated/outofcontrol/x-1373891,Viper,leguin.freenode.net
mransom,ransomsoft.com,Mark Ransom,niven.freenode.net
davisonio,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kgkmlaxyicoaslzv,Craig Davison,sinisalo.freenode.net
Lunatrius,77.38.21.26,Jadran Kotnik,karatkievich.freenode.net
stiell,fsf/member/stiell,Stian Ellingsen,orwell.freenode.net
fireglow,2001:bc8:3353:200::1337,fireglow,wolfe.freenode.net
Taoki,93.113.162.37,4KVIrc 4.9.1 Aria http://kvirc.net/,asimov.freenode.net
jonasbits,213-21-80-56.customer.t3.se,Jonas �stman,asimov.freenode.net
nnnn20430,lightning.bouncer.ml,nnnn,adams.freenode.net
garywhite,status.2fy.eu,garywhite,wilhelm.freenode.net
sofar,unaffiliated/sofar,Auke Kok,orwell.freenode.net
harrison,li89-226.members.linode.com,harrison,weber.freenode.net
uroboro,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zvtgoclxjhlsbgdh,uroboro,leguin.freenode.net
ShadowBot,unaffiliated/shadowninja/bot/shadowbot,ShadowBot (Limnoria),karatkievich.freenode.net
xSmurf,gateway/vpn/mullvad/x-ywgkgxhrvwifnpmw,Murf,karatkievich.freenode.net
DonBatman,node-1w7jr9uktdqonv9z4pgrs6za0.ipv6.telus.net,Don,karatkievich.freenode.net
Ritchie,moravik-moh.cust.sloane.cz,mira,hitchcock.freenode.net
soloojos,gateway/tor-sasl/soloojos,realname,zelazny.freenode.net
c0dehero,i.have.ipv6.on.coding4coffee.org,codehero,adams.freenode.net
imr,2ProIntl/User/server-nerd/imr,Using EliteBNC, I'm part of the elite!,niven.freenode.net
Wayward_One,gateway/shell/firrre/x-eetyigajhmkuyegb,Wayward One,adams.freenode.net
Jousway,095-097-043-170.static.chello.nl,...,kornbluth.freenode.net
gentoobr1,198.199.96.96,meowneko,niven.freenode.net
Kray,178-75-172-13.bb.dnainternet.fi,Konsta Kokkinen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
texmex,prox-int-43.cozycloud.cc,texmex,niven.freenode.net
ekem,helium.nk3r.com,Monkey,verne.freenode.net
nowhere_man,2a01:cb10:5c:1300:1a5e:fff:fedf:bfb0,Pierre Thierry,niven.freenode.net
ssieb,S010678cd8ecb8410.va.shawcable.net,New Now Know How,wilhelm.freenode.net
tokage,fsfe/tokage,tokage,rajaniemi.freenode.net
thatgraemeguy,unaffiliated/ThatGraemeGuy,Graeme Donaldson,verne.freenode.net
SylvieLorxu,541B7AAC.cm-5-4b.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Sylvie,karatkievich.freenode.net
sfan5,unaffiliated/sfan5,kitten,niven.freenode.net
jomat,2a02:180:a:62:1::1601,jomat2,wilhelm.freenode.net
longerstaff13,94.197.120.60.threembb.co.uk,Longer Staff,hitchcock.freenode.net
celeron55,everything.8dromeda.net,Perttu,karatkievich.freenode.net
shymega,2001:ba8:1f1:f082:216:5eff:fe00:45a,shymega,rajaniemi.freenode.net
namespace,172.77.217.235,user,orwell.freenode.net
exio4,unaffiliated/hacker,exio4,adams.freenode.net
jin_xi,84-73-13-216.dclient.hispeed.ch,workflow,orwell.freenode.net
rom1504,rom1504.fr,rom1504,niven.freenode.net
nadir,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qdinekdaqfdctjcq,CYBORG 11. Buddy spike.,karatkievich.freenode.net
CoJaBo,unaffiliated/cojabo,aztec,adams.freenode.net
MooingLemur,unaffiliated/mooinglemur,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
yanome,freenode/staff-emeritus/yano,my idle time is a lie,barjavel.freenode.net
Dj,unaffiliated/dj,Geeks never need any introduction,card.freenode.net
ChiefJustice,unaffiliated/artur21,Arthur Arth Muscat,verne.freenode.net
bizarrefish,cl-46.lon-03.gb.sixxs.net,Lee Marshall,niven.freenode.net
WereSquirrel,trivialand/staff/toagac,Heidi,niven.freenode.net
darsie,84-113-55-42.cable.dynamic.surfer.at,1I am male,card.freenode.net
g2,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-fmbddiepytagfvte,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
jenni,jenni/cell-8675309,jenni yanosbot, https://git.io/jenni,tepper.freenode.net
pampeho,unaffiliated/pampeho,pampeho,verne.freenode.net
archaic,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-zobiytdcxunvmxxe,root,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kitten,defocus/regular/crazycatlady,kitten,rajaniemi.freenode.net
notadamthing,unaffiliated/nonothing,Owl,sinisalo.freenode.net
Foal,pinchaser.com,Large e-dongs.  botje van MooingLemur,karatkievich.freenode.net
grumble,freenode/staff/grumble,grumble,sinisalo.freenode.net
redsPL,212.87.244.98,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
SuperSeriousCat,unaffiliated/superseriouscat,Andrew,orwell.freenode.net
raccccoon,irchelp/raccoon,Keeper Of The Keys.,adams.freenode.net
torchic_____,i.am.phantas.tk,jus dis gurl, u kno?,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Zuu,unaffiliated/zuu,uzzuu,leguin.freenode.net
lubmil,89-67-40-164.dynamic.chello.pl,chcesz si� zaprzyja�ni�? ;) [lubmil],barjavel.freenode.net
gmoro,193.120.208.221,Guilherme Moro,tepper.freenode.net
Xu_R,unaffiliated/xu-r/x-4741903,Robert Xu,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Hobbyboy,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-fqbyrfcjevawlgcx,Andrew,adams.freenode.net
bero,arklinux/developer/bero,11,8bero,barjavel.freenode.net
carter,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmhweqsuvocmbizu,Carter Schonwald,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
carter-znc,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe6e:6c01,Carter Schonwald,karatkievich.freenode.net
numberten,ec2-54-69-152-253.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Jesse,weber.freenode.net
biberao,funtoo/staff/biberao,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
jmbsvicetto,gentoo/developer/jmbsvicetto,Jorge Manuel B. S. Vicetto,wilhelm.freenode.net
willikins,gentoo/bot/Willikins,Gentoo Services Bot, based on Ruby bot (c) Giusepp,adams.freenode.net
lusitan,unaffiliated/lusitan,lusitan,kornbluth.freenode.net
b00stfr3ak,unaffiliated/b00stfr3ak,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
strept,unaffiliated/hdib,realname,asimov.freenode.net
abra1,abra.me,abra1,kornbluth.freenode.net
abra0,unaffiliated/abra0,abra_abra,kornbluth.freenode.net
abra2,abra.me,abra2,kornbluth.freenode.net
daspork,128.199.205.75,,,,,wilhelm.freenode.net
adam_vollrath,about/security/staff/adamvollrath,Axis of Entropy,sinisalo.freenode.net
agricola,2607:f0d0:1101:84:9::12c,agricola,wilhelm.freenode.net
mvollrath,hydra.axisofentropy.net,Matt Vollrath,sinisalo.freenode.net
cmcbot,cmcbot.solidangle.ca,cmcbot,barjavel.freenode.net
j3parker,solidangle.ca,j3parker,niven.freenode.net
ssalbiz,happiestface.convextech.ca,Syed Saifullah Albiz,asimov.freenode.net
Taraiph,152.65.77.103,Taraiph,karatkievich.freenode.net
Dar|afk,unaffiliated/darvince,jerry,tepper.freenode.net
Kalassak,unaffiliated/atomic7732,kalassak akani lapik,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
theShirbiny,unaffiliated/theshirbiny,theShirbiny,verne.freenode.net
ubuntulo13,elderberry.canonical.com,log bot:: contact rt@ubuntu.com,adams.freenode.net
paddatrapper,kritsit.ddns.net,paddatrap,wolfe.freenode.net
elacheche,ubuntu/member/elacheche-anis,El Acheche Anis,asimov.freenode.net
cbj,kaly.kangoulya.org,cbj,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pavlushka,ubuntu/member/pavlushka,Pavel Sayekat,tepper.freenode.net
cyrilb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ntwahvfubcfxhoeu,Cyril Bouthors,adams.freenode.net
WaVeR,ubuntu/member/waver,I Don't Have Solution, But I Admire The Problem,verne.freenode.net
QA,unaffiliated/kilos/bot/qa,QA,verne.freenode.net
inetpro,unaffiliated/hibana,Gustav H Meyer,barjavel.freenode.net
ariabbas,2001:660:300f:4:226:b9ff:fe73:6670,purple,adams.freenode.net
daker,ubuntu/member/daker,Adnane,weber.freenode.net
chesedo,unaffiliated/pieter2627,Pieter,asimov.freenode.net
ahoneybun,ubuntu/member/ahoneybun,Aaron Honeycutt,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
superfly,openlp/developer/superfly,Raoul Snyman,adams.freenode.net
spotty,osmium.gltech.co.za,spotty,wolfe.freenode.net
Tribaal,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-puidsdifxojjcjpe,Chris Glass,wolfe.freenode.net
Researcher-,gtld.ovh,AnycastCloud v31919b - CF ID:awxa335,wilhelm.freenode.net
R0ok_,41.204.190.40,amateur R0ok_,card.freenode.net
PimmunyPimun,ns3050863.ip-137-74-201.eu,Pieman,verne.freenode.net
Xackle,unaffiliated/matrixiumn,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Fr4n,unaffiliated/fr4n,Fran,tepper.freenode.net
FrozenDroid,2a01:7c8:aac4:5fe:5054:ff:fe67:a471,Vincent Stakenburg,niven.freenode.net
bathtub_shark,trivialand/guesser/zarthus,Zarthus,wilhelm.freenode.net
Zarthus,trivialand/guesser/zarthus,3.14% of sailors are Pirates.,asimov.freenode.net
Luna_Moonfang,trivialand/student/luna-moonfang,Luna,asimov.freenode.net
meklu,holmes.meklu.org,Melker Narikka,niven.freenode.net
mro95,novaember.com,mro95,sinisalo.freenode.net
Hielke,37.97.173.210,hielke,niven.freenode.net
Darkwater,unaffiliated/darkwater,dark,niven.freenode.net
remi,fsf/member/remi,remi,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
qaisjp,hgs.club,Qais Patankar,rajaniemi.freenode.net
NiseVoid,fuyu.moe,NiseVoid,niven.freenode.net
simonobo,cpc77295-basf12-2-0-cust250.12-3.cable.virginm.net,Simon Owen,verne.freenode.net
pjustice,yagi.h-net.msu.edu,pjustice,wilhelm.freenode.net
Matt_O|znc,www.rulecity.com,Matt Ownby,weber.freenode.net
Jon,dow.land,Jonathan Dowland (PGP: 0x06AAAAAA),niven.freenode.net
Patater,patater.com,Jaeder Patater,leguin.freenode.net
zerkalo,ny1.hashbang.sh,myricae,adams.freenode.net
coalhot,pool-71-175-52-99.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,coalhot,leguin.freenode.net
Lord_Nightmare,unaffiliated/lordnlptp,Jonathan Gevaryahu,asimov.freenode.net
tarka-bot,200.1.169.217.in-addr.arpa,tarka-bot,wolfe.freenode.net
Sabur,li1001-235.members.linode.com,Josh,card.freenode.net
Famicoma2_,ks354986.kimsufi.com,famicoman|k,adams.freenode.net
dustinm`,149.56.14.68,dustinm,wolfe.freenode.net
cr1901_modern,c-73-33-253-200.hsd1.nj.comcast.net,purple,leguin.freenode.net
Famicoman_,c-98-225-138-71.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,famicoman_h,karatkievich.freenode.net
balrog,unaffiliated/balrog,balrog,orwell.freenode.net
holodnak,nesemu2.com,Prokhor Zakharov,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
skath,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wgbkqxenlnyinvpr,Steven,adams.freenode.net
kujiu,havelock.kujiu.org,kujiu,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
agateau,2001:41d0:52:100::b3,Aur�lien G�teau,wilhelm.freenode.net
Arb__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yfkqvbnvhauteshv,Arb,rajaniemi.freenode.net
HybridZizi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ickgjxulwqvmwqbt,HybridZizi,sinisalo.freenode.net
pistachi0n,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lilwrwhdjvagxogr,pistachi0n,adams.freenode.net
relaxolotl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mgltmicpekvjjfms,nonternary,sinisalo.freenode.net
ghormoon,ghorland.net,Jiri 'Ghormoon' Novak,wilhelm.freenode.net
Dlaha,gateway/web/freenode/ip.89.177.250.199,89.177.250.199 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Mrkva,alpha.mrkva.eu,Mrkva Mrkvatyr,wolfe.freenode.net
fabian_,95.80.225.27,Lukas Vana,rajaniemi.freenode.net
krcmar,im.vpsfree.cz,krcmar,wolfe.freenode.net
svetlemodry,archlinux/trusteduser/drag0nl0rd,Jaroslav Lichtblau,adams.freenode.net
ewew_away,unaffiliated/ewew,ewew,tepper.freenode.net
jvb,37.157.197.24,jvb,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
KerryCZE,im.vpsfree.cz,KerryCZE,asimov.freenode.net
tk1,37-48-16-33.tmcz.cz,purple,sinisalo.freenode.net
lexik,178.248.248.165,lexik,tepper.freenode.net
Orin|off,ciri.netas.cz,Petr Barta,sinisalo.freenode.net
Brano,vps2.blaskovic.sk,branislav,adams.freenode.net
Cx_1,mem-185.47.222.228.jmnet.cz,Cx_,asimov.freenode.net
dasher00,37-252-190-165.rev.ipax.at,dash_,hitchcock.freenode.net
JoHnY,imaginarium.2600.sk,JoHnY,card.freenode.net
Vrtule,im.vpsfree.cz,Martin Drab,sinisalo.freenode.net
lion,im.vpsfree.cz,lion,hitchcock.freenode.net
Patrik_SK,im.vpsfree.cz,Patrik,weber.freenode.net
mccohy,mutant.kyberdigi.cz,C. McCohy,adams.freenode.net
davisten,2a01:4f8:151:726a:0:1:4abe:7a1a,davis,sinisalo.freenode.net
jirutka,81.31.40.98,Jakub Jirutka,asimov.freenode.net
rene_la,im.vpsfree.cz,rene_la,leguin.freenode.net
tth_,2a00:1790:6::1001:103:0,tth,niven.freenode.net
mmap_,91.201.23.197,mmap,weber.freenode.net
messa,2a02:2b88:2:1::45f4:1,Petr,,,,adams.freenode.net
Jac0bas_Backlog,185.8.166.110,root,weber.freenode.net
snajpa,im.vpsfree.cz,Pavel Snajdr,sinisalo.freenode.net
aither,im.vpsfree.cz,aither,rajaniemi.freenode.net
t0ms,vps1.trigliasoft.com,TomasSrnka,card.freenode.net
vpsfbot,im.vpsfree.cz,vpsFree.cz IRC Bot,adams.freenode.net
yanek,atlantis.mitranet.cz,BOFH: The real outsider,wolfe.freenode.net
arty,zaloha.advice.sk,Arty,verne.freenode.net
Janko,unaffiliated/janko,Jan,wilhelm.freenode.net
das_ofce,46.28.111.109,Meeee,karatkievich.freenode.net
jsedy7,85.255.0.9,Jiri Sedy,card.freenode.net
deafboy,cicolina.org,deafboy,wolfe.freenode.net
wvi,ip-78-45-199-33.net.upcbroadband.cz,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
srk,fedora/sorki,rmarko,wilhelm.freenode.net
zitnyp,89.248.244.179,zitnyp,hitchcock.freenode.net
q66,enlightenment/developer/q66,Daniel Kolesa,wilhelm.freenode.net
nohal,181.21.161.53,nohal,wolfe.freenode.net
mkoskar,unaffiliated/mkoskar,Miroslav Koskar <http://mkoskar.com/>,adams.freenode.net
pdostal,grape.pdostal.cz,Pavel Dostal,niven.freenode.net
FtkZSTj1Qxl4Jaf0,185.21.217.50,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
marnej,91.219.244.117,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
gwh,safi.initipi.sk,gwh,orwell.freenode.net
pavlix,nat/redhat/x-zirzjchxnzbcntnp,Pavel Šimerda,rajaniemi.freenode.net
SniperCZE,inima.webeo.cz,Ondrej Flidr,wolfe.freenode.net
nor,unaffiliated/nor,...,wolfe.freenode.net
dan-,freenode/corporate-sponsor/privateinternetaccess.com/doaks,Nyan nyan,sinisalo.freenode.net
brr,xX.berryX.com,Peter Fischer,sinisalo.freenode.net
nate,pdpc/supporter/monthlybronze/synapt,Nathan,sinisalo.freenode.net
daniel2,unaffiliated/danielshafer,Daniel Shafer,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Triskel,ircaddict.org,No Name,asimov.freenode.net
maufred,2a01:e35:8a5d:bf10:9fa5:af1b:529d:8e10,pi,wolfe.freenode.net
mehdib,ulminfo.fr,Mehdi Bouaziz,wolfe.freenode.net
Henri,LFbn-1-78-17.w86-241.abo.wanadoo.fr,Henri Gouraud,leguin.freenode.net
A2`,ANancy-651-1-161-136.w90-40.abo.wanadoo.fr,...,orwell.freenode.net
ashb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wpfcgdsyynlwmkqx,Ash Berlin,wolfe.freenode.net
lukasa,irc.lukasa.co.uk,Cory Benfield,orwell.freenode.net
alpa_astero,5.182.180.213.static.wline.lns.sme.cust.swisscom.ch,alpa,karatkievich.freenode.net
jml,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rosokqqfnixvsrzg,Jonathan Lange,adams.freenode.net
mccraig_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hfrvxrielepcjglz,mccraigmccraig of the clan mccraig,adams.freenode.net
DMorsing,97e1b1b3.skybroadband.com,Daniel Morsing,rajaniemi.freenode.net
schinckel,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rejbnibasnoiyrtf,Matthew Schinckel,wolfe.freenode.net
milessabin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zrwbqyricdjttcqq,Miles Sabin,wolfe.freenode.net
idnar,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-elzmpswmfawraain,Tristan Seligmann,adams.freenode.net
copumpkin,haskell/developer/copumpkin,Gourdmeister,hitchcock.freenode.net
astronouth7303,162.243.101.199,astro73,karatkievich.freenode.net
tef,secretvolcanobase.org,tef,niven.freenode.net
tcrayford_____,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xdkhesothhhtkqww,tcrayford,hitchcock.freenode.net
PiDelport,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hqxjzwjublmmxxec,Pi Delport,wolfe.freenode.net
arcatan,hilla.kapsi.fi,arcatan,wilhelm.freenode.net
jontyw,jonty.co.uk,Jonty Wareing,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tomprince,hermes.hocat.ca,Tom Prince,verne.freenode.net
trialsbiker,cbdhcp-2-080.epfl.ch,MikeG,orwell.freenode.net
doismellburning,unaffiliated/maior,toor,asimov.freenode.net
fhocutt,wikimedia/fhocutt,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
kushalp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-winfaztjjcpzphoz,Kushal Pisavadia,adams.freenode.net
alexwlchan,cpc92722-cmbg20-2-0-cust409.5-4.cable.virginm.net,Textual User,orwell.freenode.net
chris2,vuxu.org,Christian Neukirchen,niven.freenode.net
shapr,haskell/developer/shapr,Shae Erisson,verne.freenode.net
nedrichards,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ggwxnigwetngqimc,Nick Richards,wilhelm.freenode.net
russss,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xriangsduwgkoodg,russ,wilhelm.freenode.net
rguillebert,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jfwredqsbahuldgb,Romain Guillebert,adams.freenode.net
jonlives_,2a01:4f8:190:3166::2,Jon Cowie,niven.freenode.net
DRMacIver,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-llceafzrkklzfngo,David R. MacIver,adams.freenode.net
ghickman,2a00:d880:3:1::cd1a:d561,George Hickman,niven.freenode.net
inglesp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xcwxlzdeopigadnu,Peter Inglesby,orwell.freenode.net
flaviusb,2406:e001:1:4d01:c7bb:c3f4:53ed:59cc,Justin,wilhelm.freenode.net
SamLR,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-turkkeoowpntjmzd,SamLR,hitchcock.freenode.net
froztbyte,unaffiliated/frozt01100101,froztbyte,wilhelm.freenode.net
ceridwen,unaffiliated/ceridwen,No One,wilhelm.freenode.net
smkz,unaffiliated/smkz,x,adams.freenode.net
igitoor,unaffiliated/contempt,igitur,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
telex,freeshell.de,telex,tepper.freenode.net
telmich,gpm/telmich,Nico Schottelius,adams.freenode.net
reza10000,elgalai.utt.fr,...,tepper.freenode.net
vertrex,unaffiliated/vertrex,vertrex,verne.freenode.net
udgover,unaffiliated/udgover,udgover,wilhelm.freenode.net
lessyv,unaffiliated/lessyv,lessyv,adams.freenode.net
ericfreyss,pdpc/supporter/active/ericfreyss,eric,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tom-L,wikimedia-commons/Tom-L,purple,niven.freenode.net
_habnabit,python/site-packages/habnabit,_Harold Abnabit,verne.freenode.net
aqu4,unaffiliated/subsen/bot/aqu4,aqu4, daughter of pr0t0!,tepper.freenode.net
CMGauger,kvm5.telegraphics.com.au,"C. M. Gauger-Cosgrove",wolfe.freenode.net
dom96,nim-lang.org,Dominik,barjavel.freenode.net
pj0tr,linux.utu.fi,xyz,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cgt,wikipedia/cgt,Chris,wolfe.freenode.net
dan-,freenode/corporate-sponsor/privateinternetaccess.com/doaks,Nyan nyan,sinisalo.freenode.net
xmj,freebsd/developer/xmj,Johannes Meixner (http://xmj.me/),rajaniemi.freenode.net
stux|RC-only,37.48.121.205,stux,verne.freenode.net
lmartin92,copyfree/contributor/lmartin92,masky,tepper.freenode.net
oblongata,c-73-229-243-137.hsd1.co.comcast.net,medulla oblongata,tepper.freenode.net
apotheon,copyfree/founder/apotheon,the hanging chad,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
wyvern,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hekfttkedrsgbjqq,wyvern,niven.freenode.net
zacts,dragora/developer/zacts,Zak Storer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
neonpastor,67.205.129.250,Neon Reverend,karatkievich.freenode.net
bmn,bmn.name,Ben,niven.freenode.net
somaReverse,2001:cc0:2020:2013:6257:18ff:fe9b:6e82,Amos Bird,karatkievich.freenode.net
jwash,109.201.138.247,jwash,verne.freenode.net
maqr,httpcraft/hax,maqr,karatkievich.freenode.net
andykay,unaffiliated/andykay,Andy K.,niven.freenode.net
deank,unaffiliated/deank,...,orwell.freenode.net
Red-Sox,unaffiliated/red-sox,textual user,tepper.freenode.net
yarddog,belencomputers/staff/yarddog,yarddog,karatkievich.freenode.net
bimawa,46.48.14.196,bimawa,tepper.freenode.net
Htbrdd,107.170.38.20,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
Noldorin,unaffiliated/noldorin,Alex,niven.freenode.net
XDS2010,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-npgfvvkpmjmulcya,XAVIER,wolfe.freenode.net
gsora,unaffiliated/gsora,gsora,tepper.freenode.net
m1kesm1th_,188.166.44.227,Don Quixote,asimov.freenode.net
Guest21509,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-pharnipehyrsjbni,Riccardo Bello,sinisalo.freenode.net
tubbo,ruby/staff/necromancer,Tom Scott,karatkievich.freenode.net
obZen,209.95.50.55,n/a,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
jrg,unaffiliated/jrg,jrg,barjavel.freenode.net
ujjain,unaffiliated/ujjain,ujjain,niven.freenode.net
gueriLLaPunK,guerillapunk.backtraced.yo.ass.from.inside.ur.seriesoftub.es,Your Mom,hitchcock.freenode.net
TReK,unaffiliated/trek,Pierre,barjavel.freenode.net
brr,xX.berryX.com,Peter Fischer,sinisalo.freenode.net
EnigmaFX,104.243.24.236,Enigma,verne.freenode.net
trench,unaffiliated/trench,cold as corps,adams.freenode.net
Taylor,unaffiliated/taylor,Taylor,barjavel.freenode.net
NDPTAL86,209-6-158-15.c3-0.sbo-ubr1.sbo.ma.cable.erols.com,NDPTAL85,niven.freenode.net
Tristan-Speccy,213.163.67.18,Tristan,orwell.freenode.net
allan_q,162-225-93-126.lightspeed.nsvltn.sbcglobal.net,Allan,karatkievich.freenode.net
dund,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rnkaqyvrmtbgmgfb,maxwell,sinisalo.freenode.net
techietrash,unaffiliated/techietrash,techietrash,karatkievich.freenode.net
ktx,unaffiliated/ktx,ktx,wolfe.freenode.net
musictau,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-htevprikybxtxkjq,R,adams.freenode.net
malX,unaffiliated/malx,qwerty,wolfe.freenode.net
foamz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gvxibsyatsqsyquw,johndoe1111,wolfe.freenode.net
nb,fedora/nb,nb,wilhelm.freenode.net
Anrky,CPE907240058ab7-CM84948cd85220.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,QQQQ,card.freenode.net
thoraptor,unaffiliated/thoraptor,Thor,niven.freenode.net
KaliLinuxGR,unaffiliated/kalilinuxgr,realname,asimov.freenode.net
rsully,unaffiliated/rsully,rsully,orwell.freenode.net
uroboro,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zvtgoclxjhlsbgdh,uroboro,leguin.freenode.net
electro33,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fsvokapzmeeqdhoy,It's Electric!,sinisalo.freenode.net
Sonar_Guy,fedora/sonarguy,Nobody Important,asimov.freenode.net
Mack,unaffiliated/mack,Mack,wolfe.freenode.net
nchambers,freenode/spooky-exception/bartender/learnprogramming.nchambers,Nicholas Chambers,karatkievich.freenode.net
mholiday,209.141.58.41,Matt Holiday,asimov.freenode.net
Louis,pdpc/supporter/student/louis,Louis,roddenberry.freenode.net
loglaunc-,188.226.141.55,loglaunch,adams.freenode.net
justinmrkva,unaffiliated/justinmrkva,Justin Mrkva,asimov.freenode.net
gmh,hinderaker.com,Glenn M. Hinderaker,karatkievich.freenode.net
MrPockets,unaffiliated/mrpockets,"John,barjavel.freenode.net
ahmed_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bbuwknkwrmnvhvet,ahmedbodi,wolfe.freenode.net
wget,unaffiliated/wget,wget,asimov.freenode.net
DrTaru,unaffiliated/drtaru,ZNC - http://znc.in,sinisalo.freenode.net
MissionCritical,unaffiliated/missioncritical,Mission Critical,weber.freenode.net
monokrome,54.88.139.115,Bailey Stoner,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pocketprotector,unaffiliated/pocketprotector,* I'm not to lame to read BitchX.doc *,niven.freenode.net
KindOne,freenude/topless/kindone,...,leguin.freenode.net
Lildirt,lildirt.com,Lildirt,rajaniemi.freenode.net
fariseo,real.wilbury.sk,Euro Zero,asimov.freenode.net
Johnny-,unaffiliated/johnny-,John,barjavel.freenode.net
Xjs|moonshine,chrysostomos.aoide.de,Jannis Andrija Schnitzer,leguin.freenode.net
jweinberg,unaffiliated/jweinberg,Joshua Weinberg,barjavel.freenode.net
bittin,vps154124.loopiavps.com,Esmeralda,wilhelm.freenode.net
dustinm,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dustinm,weber.freenode.net
saidelike,2001:41d0:1:e240::1,saidelike,adams.freenode.net
Chaser,192.241.229.182,kiran,barjavel.freenode.net
spacewalkr,Dont.Touch.That.Wiiiiiiiire.PanicBNC.com,spacewalk,banks.freenode.net
_stowa,static.177.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,hitchcock.freenode.net
twisted`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmeuevvcnrsegdxc,twisted,karatkievich.freenode.net
captain42,unaffiliated/captain42,captain,tepper.freenode.net
karthyk,2620:1e8:2:1::2fa,karthyk,wolfe.freenode.net
EncryptedCurse,2001:41d0:1:68a3::42,EncryptedCurse,adams.freenode.net
apocolipse,ec2-54-149-47-67.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,apocfreenode,wolfe.freenode.net
thegameg_,39.ip-51-254-35.eu,Francis Visoiu Mistrih,verne.freenode.net
kalek___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xxgsnhycdwltyknb,Caleb,adams.freenode.net
Flynnn,unaffiliated/flynnn,Textual User,leguin.freenode.net
sysrage,cpe-174-109-143-205.nc.res.rr.com,sysrage,orwell.freenode.net
PaulCapestany,2604:5500:17:2ea:5c15:40e6:5986:2db4,Paul Capestany,wilhelm.freenode.net
Stmeter,unaffiliated/stmeter,Stmeter,karatkievich.freenode.net
veg_,silentio.us,brushing my teeth with *NIX daily,wolfe.freenode.net
fahadash,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cvhtlesjgrblwgen,fahadash,rajaniemi.freenode.net
koss,koss.downlink.org,koss,adams.freenode.net
zaatar,pdpc/supporter/active/zaatar,zaatar,verne.freenode.net
hodapp___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ogedbgedllwbzdge,Eli Hodapp,leguin.freenode.net
canton,2a02:810d:26c0:11c8:6c20:9184:be1a:cc62,Christian Anton,niven.freenode.net
perfekted,ec2-52-34-22-213.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
esmiurium,45.63.76.107,Page Closed,karatkievich.freenode.net
gigq,45-20-197-26.lightspeed.austtx.sbcglobal.net,Justin,karatkievich.freenode.net
a3Dman,unaffiliated/a3dman,3Dman,wolfe.freenode.net
MillerBoss,107.191.50.190,Boss Miller,asimov.freenode.net
diytto,de.diytto.com,diytto,asimov.freenode.net
ec\,ell.io,ELLIOTTCABLE,tepper.freenode.net
devster31,2001:41d0:1:a3af::1,devsterknight,wolfe.freenode.net
kos_tom,ks383786.kimsufi.com,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
bhundven,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ppcbykuznowjxppo,Bryan Hundven,wolfe.freenode.net
feepbot,p579AC753.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,feepbot,orwell.freenode.net
souther,2605:6400:1:fed5:22:1ac:61c0:e24e,souther,wilhelm.freenode.net
Net147,unaffiliated/net147,Net147,barjavel.freenode.net
imMute,about/networking/240.255.255.0/imMute,Matt,barjavel.freenode.net
Elimin8er,65-33-132-117.res.bhn.net,Mike,weber.freenode.net
blueness,gentoo/developer/blueness,Anthony G. Basile,barjavel.freenode.net
blueness_,gentoo/developer/blueness,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
xenoxaos,2600:3c02::f03c:91ff:feae:2da1,Mike,rajaniemi.freenode.net
TobiasFar,2a01:4f8:160:5109::1:4,T Markmann,niven.freenode.net
muep__,otitsun.oulu.fi,Joonas Sarajärvi,orwell.freenode.net
trigg,32.97.110.57,vaibhav,wolfe.freenode.net
smartin,207.ip-37-59-126.eu,Samuel Martin,karatkievich.freenode.net
heinrich5991,unaffiliated/heinrich5991,heinrich5991,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ovf,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kopadircehasqufg,Oleg Finkelshteyn,wilhelm.freenode.net
ccaione,unaffiliated/ccaione,Carlo Caione,orwell.freenode.net
muep,muep.iki.fi,Joonas Saraj�rvi,tepper.freenode.net
roolebo_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zmwqbpduzzaalwqv,Roman Bolshakov,wilhelm.freenode.net
ctngbot,crosstool-ng.osuosl.org,crosstool-NG logging bot, managed by bhnudven,weber.freenode.net
philenotfound,zankapfel.net,phil,karatkievich.freenode.net
pamaury_,rockbox/developer/pamaury,Amaury Pouly,wilhelm.freenode.net
alan_o,2601:880:c000:3062:88fd:8a20:ce01:ea72,Alan Ott,karatkievich.freenode.net
jyelloz,75.84.135.150,Jordan Yelloz,tepper.freenode.net
caveat,shell.bshellz.net,caveat,wilhelm.freenode.net
stefanct,unaffiliated/stefanct,stefanct,orwell.freenode.net
walac,2620:101:8016:74::5:1ae,Wander Lairson Costa,wilhelm.freenode.net
wh1t3r0s3_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yzawzgxdlicrzdzb,whiterose,sinisalo.freenode.net
Bryan792,107.191.107.168,bryan,hitchcock.freenode.net
ratoder,static.111.19.201.138.clients.your-server.de, Java IRC Bot,adams.freenode.net
HoMM,unaffiliated/homm,...,sinisalo.freenode.net
debork,ec2-52-90-15-208.compute-1.amazonaws.com,.,card.freenode.net
gribble,unaffiliated/nanotube/bot/gribble,Supybot 0.83.4.1+gribble (2014-12-21T23:25:09-0500,asimov.freenode.net
emzy,raspberry.emzy.de,Emzy,sinisalo.freenode.net
t4nk,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-hwtgemdfeighwyag,t4nk,adams.freenode.net
martinBrown,unaffiliated/martinbrown,martinBrown,wolfe.freenode.net
owowo,gateway/vpn/mullvad/x-aoripgjsebtqnvfq,ted,card.freenode.net
nejon,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jjokvujfgvphywmx,nejon,karatkievich.freenode.net
ffmad_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mouvjriowhhxxcug,ffmad,adams.freenode.net
omzon,adsl-dyn-123.95-102-20.t-com.sk,Quassel IRC User,wilhelm.freenode.net
drazin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oieuipgxuxzysfla,matt,wolfe.freenode.net
zewelor,89-68-4-237.dynamic.chello.pl,zenek,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kresut,bcc71.neoplus.adsl.tpnet.pl,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
FaalHaas,dhcp-089-098-142-025.chello.nl,Martijn,niven.freenode.net
Einherjer,69.64.40.177,Viking,leguin.freenode.net
reptilian_logbot,198.211.121.167,cinch,tepper.freenode.net
toddf,2a01:4f8:131:12d0:6066:34ff:fe65:3136,Todd Fries,niven.freenode.net
nanotube,unaffiliated/nanotube,nanotube,asimov.freenode.net
myeagleflies,unaffiliated/myeagleflies,myeagleflies,asimov.freenode.net
TheJJ,ipbcc36896.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,JJ,asimov.freenode.net
megatog,osirion.org,Evan Goers,hitchcock.freenode.net
karvajalka,satgnu.net,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
Lava_Croft,213.204.255.34,Kai,wilhelm.freenode.net
Ingar,94-224-85-244.access.telenet.be,Ingar,asimov.freenode.net
Thorn_,thoronir.net,thorn,barjavel.freenode.net
[o__o],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
xek,134.191.220.71,Grzegorz Grasza,wilhelm.freenode.net
hoolio,vm-144-6-224-56.rc.tasmania.nectar.org.au,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
thom,apulit.bash.sh,Thom May,barjavel.freenode.net
gus,2400:6180:0:d0::f76:7001,Angus Lees,wilhelm.freenode.net
bod_,104.132.133.93,Brendan O'Dea,wolfe.freenode.net
Nakato,rikako.nakato.io,Sachi King,barjavel.freenode.net
lifeless,122-57-100-209.jetstream.xtra.co.nz,Robert Collins,adams.freenode.net
shans_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wgxljnjnscvlxjtn,Shane Stephens,adams.freenode.net
StevenK,mangled.wedontsleep.org,Steve Kowalik,wolfe.freenode.net
jaqx0r,2401:fa00:9:210:895f:d8dd:bc83:ee28,route,rajaniemi.freenode.net
thaytan,241.80.233.220.static.exetel.com.au,Jan Schmidt,wolfe.freenode.net
nevyn_,106.ip-158-69-219.net,Grant Diffey,asimov.freenode.net
erikd,hendrix.mega-nerd.net,Erik,card.freenode.net
jamielennox|away,gateway/shell/firrre/x-ijveylpfcbchzigg,Jamie Lennox,wilhelm.freenode.net
ctd,unaffiliated/ctd,ctd,karatkievich.freenode.net
craige,2400:8901::f03c:91ff:fee4:8ce5,craige,niven.freenode.net
fractalcat,203-206-173-165.perm.iinet.net.au,Sharif Olorin,wolfe.freenode.net
rweir,unaffiliated/bob2,Rob Weir,verne.freenode.net
womble,minotaur.hezmatt.org,Matt Palmer,adams.freenode.net
tchaypo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lveymwsszeeejruf,James Polley,wolfe.freenode.net
ohithere,unaffiliated/ohithere,binary,niven.freenode.net
glasnt,128.199.133.234,glasnt,orwell.freenode.net
Bill-,north-northwest.southspace.org.uk,William J Hulley,rajaniemi.freenode.net
d0ugal,pdpc/supporter/active/d0ugal,Dougal Matthews,asimov.freenode.net
dweaver,188.ip-167-114-250.eu,Darryl Weaver,weber.freenode.net
kragniz,nyaa.kragniz.eu,kragniz,asimov.freenode.net
yankcrime,void.dischord.org,Nick Jones,wilhelm.freenode.net
Firefishy,greg.firefishy.com,Grant Slater,verne.freenode.net
Yam`,2001:41d0:1:dd49::1,Yam,adams.freenode.net
ap4lmtree,cpe-172-91-17-153.socal.res.rr.com,apl4mtree-,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
armlesshobo,unaffiliated/armlesshobo,Thuglas Adams,niven.freenode.net
tsango,92.255.16.82,timothy,orwell.freenode.net
true_bunta,109.226.228.77,purple,wolfe.freenode.net
xmblpb,bzq-84-108-118-246.cablep.bezeqint.net,1xmblpb,verne.freenode.net
pztrn,138.201.19.11,Stanislav N.,orwell.freenode.net
Grotesque,unaffiliated/grotesque,name,barjavel.freenode.net
alcazoid,n0ne.ru,n0ne,wilhelm.freenode.net
Stels,95.104.247.53,Stels,niven.freenode.net
eleksir,exs-elm.ru,Sergei,adams.freenode.net
Perlovka,fsf/member/Perlovka,Michael Perlov,wolfe.freenode.net
albel727,unaffiliated/albel727,albel727,leguin.freenode.net
Civil,gentoo/developer/civil,Vladimir Smirnov,asimov.freenode.net
sig_wall,xn--hwgz2tba.lamo.su,ssf,card.freenode.net
dustinm,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dustinm,weber.freenode.net
alexxy,gentoo/developer/alexxy,Alexey Shvetsov,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Corvus`,unaffiliated/wolf/x-7838296,1Corax,niven.freenode.net
Dersu,unaffiliated/vladgobelen,1,8Dersu,barjavel.freenode.net
parafin,paraf.in,parafin,adams.freenode.net
ysionneau,37.59.58.85,Yann Sionneau,wolfe.freenode.net
pmp,himbeere.filter-failure.eu,pi,wolfe.freenode.net
ysculo,ns373568.ip-5-196-88.eu,Yoann Sculo,card.freenode.net
cpb__,ris91-3-82-230-30-216.fbx.proxad.net,Christophe BLAESS,barjavel.freenode.net
aissen,unaffiliated/aissen,Aissen,adams.freenode.net
Godzil,box4.godzil.net,Godzil,weber.freenode.net
cpb_,ris91-3-82-230-30-216.fbx.proxad.net,Christophe BLAESS,adams.freenode.net
nats`,2001:4b98:dc0:41:216:3eff:fe8f:4e6f,nats,wilhelm.freenode.net
hugokernel,digitalspirit.org,hugo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
mmaret,genymobile-43-158.fib.nerim.net,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
n0-1,orbyte.nwl.cc,Phil,wolfe.freenode.net
randex|AO,87.79.9.195,RANDEX bot in sirc,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
headius,ec2-54-242-61-125.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Charles Oliver Nutter,wilhelm.freenode.net
javabot,unaffiliated/javabot,PircBotX 2.1 Java IRC bot - github.com/thelq/pircb,barjavel.freenode.net
jimbaker,python/psf/jimbaker,Jim Baker,niven.freenode.net
Xenogenesis,unaffiliated/fttc,No way,hitchcock.freenode.net
Ricks,1.ipv6.aegir.superbnc.com,SuperBNC - https://SuperBNC.com,wilhelm.freenode.net
book`_,68.ip-149-56-14.net,book,wolfe.freenode.net
zayzn,nuntii.nuntii.org,Philip Hagenbruch,asimov.freenode.net
funnel,unaffiliated/espiral,funnel,hitchcock.freenode.net
ilbelkyr,atheme/ilbelkyr,bcode,karatkievich.freenode.net
Andrio,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-oiiykmzzogolisum,5'Andrio Celos',wolfe.freenode.net
Moyst,212-149-200-72.bb.dnainternet.fi,Möyst,leguin.freenode.net
Vohveli,melkki.cs.helsinki.fi,,leguin.freenode.net
pocketprotector,unaffiliated/pocketprotector,* I'm not to lame to read BitchX.doc *,niven.freenode.net
KindOne,freenude/topless/kindone,...,leguin.freenode.net
Zoddo,bfnt/member/zoddo,Yohan Prod'homme,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Hello71,wikipedia/Hello71,Hello71,weber.freenode.net
Cerise,unaffiliated/cerise,Jerry,wolfe.freenode.net
StoBrendo,236.ip-149-56-143.net,tux,karatkievich.freenode.net
Malvolio,unaffiliated/malvolio,Malvolio,karatkievich.freenode.net
Madbrad,1.ipv6.aegir.superbnc.com,SuperBNC - https://SuperBNC.com,sinisalo.freenode.net
sn0wmonster,taskhive/developer/sn0wmonster,Skifree Snowmonster,wolfe.freenode.net
hue,zirc/eclipse,hue,verne.freenode.net
raccccoon,irchelp/raccoon,Keeper Of The Keys.,adams.freenode.net
SirCmpwn,irc.sircmpwn.com,Drew DeVault,adams.freenode.net
Wolf480pl,faris.wolf480.pl,Wolf480pl,niven.freenode.net
MuffinMedic,unaffiliated/muffinmedic,Evan,karatkievich.freenode.net
ayeuu,91.224.148.83,ayeuu,barjavel.freenode.net
zu_,ks387228.kimsufi.com,zu,barjavel.freenode.net
Mecaskcuf,eth-west-pareq2-46-193-0-139.wb.wifirst.net,sylvainG,adams.freenode.net
moog,ABordeaux-651-1-203-170.w90-38.abo.wanadoo.fr,A qui l'on confie un pouvoir est tenté d'en abuse,leguin.freenode.net
wargreen,ip-130.net-82-216-166.joinville2.rev.numericable.fr,realname,card.freenode.net
Santh,tru75-13-78-201-187-102.fbx.proxad.net,oryx,tepper.freenode.net
ybon,2001:41d0:8:7158::1,ybon,adams.freenode.net
Grandasse,unaffiliated/grandasse,Grandasse,karatkievich.freenode.net
isAAAc,pat35-4-88-164-240-246.fbx.proxad.net,isAAAc,adams.freenode.net
daeavelwyn1,ns308050.ip-94-23-235.eu,daeavelwyn,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Gianormagantrous,unaffiliated/pluc-pilou/x-3647764,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
faquin,digi00714.digicube.fr,faquin,asimov.freenode.net
patko,2a01:e35:2e66:21d0:fc79:c381:9447:385f,purple,adams.freenode.net
yzayza,bsr-176-157-120-207.ft.ethernet.abo.bbox.fr,realname,niven.freenode.net
lasconic,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ixckyfxdjlxszbck,lasconic,wilhelm.freenode.net
sub26nico,85-69-175-117.rev.numericable.fr,sub26nico,adams.freenode.net
jzu,81.93.27.65,jzu,barjavel.freenode.net
olinuxx,unaffiliated/olinuxx,Olivier Humbert,leguin.freenode.net
geb_,mars.gebura.eu.org,geb,wolfe.freenode.net
kaze`,weg38-1-82-237-37-15.fbx.proxad.net,Fabien Cazenave,verne.freenode.net
pandark,2a01:e34:ecca:a8b0:fcb2:6b92:a563:4aae,pandark,adams.freenode.net
redliondj,LFbn-1-7428-77.w90-126.abo.wanadoo.fr,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
pecki,sto95-2-82-242-37-249.fbx.proxad.net,pecki,wilhelm.freenode.net
rage,hel59-6-78-242-58-11.fbx.proxad.net,nicolas,wilhelm.freenode.net
M4l3z,LFbn-1-4220-37.w92-169.abo.wanadoo.fr,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
BbT0n,62-210-138-94.rev.poneytelecom.eu,pandadux,rajaniemi.freenode.net
r1,xiwen.thiscow.com,Erwan,verne.freenode.net
dcht00,2a01:4a0:3::5096:aeb,David Dchtoo,adams.freenode.net
tg,unaffiliated/tg,tg,karatkievich.freenode.net
d3non,p.futw.eu,d3non,kornbluth.freenode.net
x86,pool-100-6-20-139.pitbpa.fios.verizon.net,Brawndo,weber.freenode.net
erethon,snf-637415.vm.okeanos.grnet.gr,erethon,hitchcock.freenode.net
xiss,pool-108-28-72-41.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
mr_seeker,koyash.damagereports.info,Julius,rajaniemi.freenode.net
arossdotme,host-84-13-235-112.opaltelecom.net,Alexander,sinisalo.freenode.net
HairyFotr,89-212-13-127.dynamic.t-2.net,HairyFotr,rajaniemi.freenode.net
georgeowell,unaffiliated/georgeowell,dimension,adams.freenode.net
Axy,unaffiliated/mia,0,card.freenode.net
msev-,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-gwtpaapeuinadbox,msev-,niven.freenode.net
Stinky_Feet,h-60-204.a213.priv.bahnhof.se,stinkyfeet,orwell.freenode.net
PaulW2U,ubuntu/member/paulw2u,Paul White,tepper.freenode.net
charles,pdpc/supporter/active/charles,Charles Kerr,orwell.freenode.net
Elimin8er,65-33-132-117.res.bhn.net,Mike,weber.freenode.net
MrFixIt,c-67-175-180-110.hsd1.il.comcast.net,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
jaes,LFbn-1-520-103.w86-245.abo.wanadoo.fr,francois,karatkievich.freenode.net
Metacity,wikipedia/WikiPuppies,Metacity is like Cheerios.,adams.freenode.net
mt-dev,2604:a880:cad:d0::35:6001,Kenny Stier,wolfe.freenode.net
gonyere,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ghcvyfaymlbenwgg,Emily Gonyer,adams.freenode.net
ericchu,S0106789684bf8e0d.vc.shawcable.net,Eric Chu,karatkievich.freenode.net
book`_,68.ip-149-56-14.net,book,wolfe.freenode.net
makije,x1-6-00-1c-c0-9b-7b-3b.cpe.webspeed.dk,makije,niven.freenode.net
hggdh,ubuntu/member/hggdh,C de-Avillez,leguin.freenode.net
Noskcaj,ubuntu/member/noskcaj,Jackson Doak,niven.freenode.net
_longines,static.183.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,longines,wolfe.freenode.net
FJKong,ubuntu/member/FJKong,FJKong,niven.freenode.net
swiss,booze.rocks,Swiss,karatkievich.freenode.net
Spydar007,unaffiliated/spydar007,Darcy Marshall,card.freenode.net
muelli,x4db01898.dyn.telefonica.de,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pchoo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cmxmpkvsdxwhymzg,boop,wilhelm.freenode.net
Barlow,unaffiliated/barlow,Barlow,tepper.freenode.net
ununoctium-294,HSI-KBW-46-223-129-126.hsi.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de,Michael Flaig,niven.freenode.net
dzragon,46-227-67-189.pool.ovpn.se,dzragon,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ouned,s0.ouned.de,Bud Spencer,hitchcock.freenode.net
fleetfox,94.30.245.166,redex,asimov.freenode.net
Chrisfu,services.hardc0re.org.uk,Chrisfu,kornbluth.freenode.net
KeithIMyers,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fdfqjbxrekxkggzv,Keith Myers,karatkievich.freenode.net
thib,wikimedia/Thibaut120094,Thibaut,weber.freenode.net
JulienME,2a01:e35:2f4f:eaa0:dacb:8aff:fee0:cb6c,JulienM,adams.freenode.net
coredump,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wzitxujmsctohplp,JJ,wilhelm.freenode.net
ubot5`,ubuntu/bot/ubot5,Ubuntu IRC Bot,karatkievich.freenode.net
fooctrl,a200072.upc-a.chello.nl,Adnan Hodzic,sinisalo.freenode.net
hackedbellini,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-knhfggikfbpiznuv,Thiago Bellini Ribeiro,wilhelm.freenode.net
berglh,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/berglh,berglh,niven.freenode.net
flexiondotorg,ubuntu/member/flexiondotorg,Martin Wimpress,karatkievich.freenode.net
BobbyJr,robsworld.plus.com,BobbyJr,niven.freenode.net
darkxst,ubuntu/member/darkxst,,wilhelm.freenode.net
TuxShells,unaffiliated/birdinatux,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
jback,shell-eun.jhq.io,Jasper Backer (jhq),asimov.freenode.net
teward,ubuntu/member/teward,Thomas Ward,wolfe.freenode.net
ricotz,ubuntu/member/ricotz,Rico Tzschichholz,orwell.freenode.net
ubot9,ubuntu/bot/ubot93,Ubuntu OP's bot.,weber.freenode.net
njalk,211.92-221-7.customer.lyse.net,igrudge.net,tepper.freenode.net
trevor_s,ipv6.gemini.panicbnc.net,trevor_s,wolfe.freenode.net
robik,188.166.172.32,robik,rajaniemi.freenode.net
darmok,akar.errtu.de,Lars Heiermann,adams.freenode.net
yofel,ubuntu/member/yofel,Philip Muskovac,niven.freenode.net
magbeat,static.117.234.47.78.clients.your-server.de,Markus Huggler,karatkievich.freenode.net
Qasker,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-xjjrigctomtjfmsk,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,leguin.freenode.net
mgedmin,Maemo/community/contributor/mgedmin,Marius Gedminas,sinisalo.freenode.net
ccarella,2600:3c02::f03c:91ff:fe50:7611,Chris Carella,leguin.freenode.net
dgtlchlk,2001:470:1f11:5a0::18,uhhh,niven.freenode.net
ubuntulog2,elderberry.canonical.com,log bot:: contact rt@ubuntu.com,barjavel.freenode.net
elky,ubuntu/member/pdpc.professional.elky,elky,wilhelm.freenode.net
esmiurium,45.63.76.107,Page Closed,karatkievich.freenode.net
meetingology,ubuntu/bot/meetingology,meetingology,tepper.freenode.net
freyes__,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe73:398c,Reyes",rajaniemi.freenode.net
LaserAllan_,campnorthernlight.com,Got ZNC?,verne.freenode.net
relayer,bfnt/utility-bot/relayer,Free Relayer Service - #relayer,barjavel.freenode.net
Zoddo,bfnt/member/zoddo,Yohan Prod'homme,rajaniemi.freenode.net
IndigoTiger,sahara.sigint.pw,Bradley Shaw,wolfe.freenode.net
Tintle,bnc.stormbit.net,Dimichi Cháchara,hitchcock.freenode.net
hue,zirc/eclipse,hue,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
OverCoder,codebottle.io/user/overcoder,YOU'RE NOW HAXED,niven.freenode.net
Xenthys,bfnt/staff/botters.xenthys,Dylan Ysmal,card.freenode.net
BWBellairs,botters/BWBellairs,i am totally bwbellairs,wolfe.freenode.net
NDProBook,unaffiliated/ndpmacbook,NDPMacBook,wilhelm.freenode.net
BatmanX,pebkac.applegeeks.net,Mohammad A. Haque,barjavel.freenode.net
burp621,68-117-35-10.dhcp.roch.mn.charter.com,Freenode IRC Shell,wolfe.freenode.net
Twist,pile.pbp.net,twist,niven.freenode.net
rhct,fedora/rhct,Geeks never need any introduction,wolfe.freenode.net
adelgado,2604:a880:800:10::1e2:a001,console cowboy,karatkievich.freenode.net
[t]Rex,213.24.133.244,Andrew Polan,verne.freenode.net
OmegaH,dsl212-143-36-49.bb.netvision.net.il,Omega,verne.freenode.net
hjohnson,50.64.102.60,Hans Johnson,orwell.freenode.net
chalcedony,unaffiliated/chalcedony,Thesaurus,wilhelm.freenode.net
Error418-Work,unaffiliated/error418,Tea Pot,wilhelm.freenode.net
timeless,firefox/developer/timeless,timeless,karatkievich.freenode.net
Branes,60-241-114-101.static.tpgi.com.au,Brains,asimov.freenode.net
Sea_Shell,c-76-105-8-144.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Shell,orwell.freenode.net
Dr_Stein,pile.pbp.net,drstein,rajaniemi.freenode.net
_dave,textual/helper/dave,💩,weber.freenode.net
Error418,unaffiliated/error418,Tea Pot,leguin.freenode.net
chiper,216.98.4.170,chiper,wolfe.freenode.net
NDPTAL86,209-6-158-15.c3-0.sbo-ubr1.sbo.ma.cable.erols.com,NDPTAL85,niven.freenode.net
Dj,unaffiliated/dj,Geeks never need any introduction,card.freenode.net
jbafford,pulsar.zort.net,John Bafford,barjavel.freenode.net
Tolls,static-50-53-51-119.bvtn.or.frontiernet.net,Toley,niven.freenode.net
MsLisa,troth.outerworld.org,Lisa,tepper.freenode.net
val1s,2601:186:4501:3984:211:32ff:fe24:ed8e,me too,rajaniemi.freenode.net
SFaulken,opensuse/member/sfalken,sfalken,hitchcock.freenode.net
MReedB,ip70-178-75-116.ks.ks.cox.net,m. Reed Brooks,niven.freenode.net
Researcher-,gtld.ovh,AnycastCloud v31919b - CF ID:awxa335,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sabaku,40.46.97.84.rev.sfr.net,WILLIAME Jérémy,orwell.freenode.net
breena,pdpc/supporter/student/deleterios,breena,barjavel.freenode.net
ziirish,niv59-1-78-202-41-8.fbx.proxad.net,Benjamin Sans,wilhelm.freenode.net
methal9k,ns336895.ip-178-32-220.eu,Hal 9000 ('AI'),wolfe.freenode.net
acaroux,uphira.ziirish.info,just a bot,karatkievich.freenode.net
minou,ns3001276.ip-37-59-48.eu,Nicolas Niemczycki,karatkievich.freenode.net
Deleterios,pdpc/supporter/student/deleterios,Deleterios,barjavel.freenode.net
w1gz,ns336895.ip-178-32-220.eu,khs,karatkievich.freenode.net
MiLk133,irc.emilienkenler.com,MiLk,wilhelm.freenode.net
Xat`,51.178.149.77.rev.sfr.net,Xat`,barjavel.freenode.net
deltasigma,luna.echse.org,Delta Sigma,wilhelm.freenode.net
bios_,paua.coffeinjunkies.de,bios,orwell.freenode.net
Nightwolf,unaffiliated/nightwolf,Nightwolf,barjavel.freenode.net
psycon,comm.wurbz.de,psy,niven.freenode.net
jiska,nerdine.org,Jiska,verne.freenode.net
nuit,unaffiliated/nuit,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
antispaceman,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe89:bc32,spaceman,niven.freenode.net
Emma_Audrey|away,unaffiliated/tempodivalse,Audrey Emma Maróczy,card.freenode.net
Alcest,69.64.40.177,Ecailles de lune,leguin.freenode.net
robin_green,24-140-232-22.cpe.teksavvy.com,realname,niven.freenode.net
Peng_,unaffiliated/peng,Matt Nordhoff,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dt3k,unaffiliated/dt3k,dt3k,wolfe.freenode.net
MaxStirner,2a01:4f8:192:14a4::2,slug,adams.freenode.net
douchechill[away,cpe-123-100-133-229.pivit.net.au,douchechill,sinisalo.freenode.net
parliament,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oiakslkvojfeqrms,owls,wilhelm.freenode.net
Hamburgero,unaffiliated/hamburgerdude2,...,weber.freenode.net
Guest21509,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-pharnipehyrsjbni,Riccardo Bello,sinisalo.freenode.net
Maxdamantus,unaffiliated/maxdamantus,Max,adams.freenode.net
thunderscore,sydinos.sutell.fr,thunder,barjavel.freenode.net
fetergent,2a01:4f8:d16:3595::2,fetergent,adams.freenode.net
pavlicek,unaffiliated/pavlicek,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
mezod,unaffiliated/mezod,mezod,hitchcock.freenode.net
eichiro,107.191.100.185,eichiro,card.freenode.net
eph,unaffiliated/spaceship,ephy,adams.freenode.net
introspectr3,unaffiliated/krshna,From Russia with love,karatkievich.freenode.net
ashes,j.rackplans.net,CowsRus,niven.freenode.net
shikhin,unaffiliated/shikhin,Shikhin Sethi,card.freenode.net
Vohveli,melkki.cs.helsinki.fi,,leguin.freenode.net
shaun413,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rcgjsaibujwwkrli,Goat,sinisalo.freenode.net
Thorne,irfus.in,Thornelius.,leguin.freenode.net
GoGi,hyde.gogi.eu,GoGi,wolfe.freenode.net
minibar,gateway/shell/firrre/x-sobavbmepyapehqe,minibar,adams.freenode.net
iz,ec2-54-82-250-61.compute-1.amazonaws.com,31337,barjavel.freenode.net
EnergyCoffee,216.105.44.162,EnergyCoffee,karatkievich.freenode.net
castlelore,unaffiliated/castlelore,Brian Sanders,barjavel.freenode.net
arkadio,unaffiliated/arkadio,Buendia,wilhelm.freenode.net
rsully,unaffiliated/rsully,rsully,orwell.freenode.net
quatumman,CPE-110-149-157-94.vwl9.win.bigpond.net.au,Sparky,verne.freenode.net
Rawriful,host-2-96-37-71.as13285.net,Rawriful,weber.freenode.net
adamg,38.102.153.98,adamg,card.freenode.net
christinepea777,shell.bshellz.net,peachyloins,verne.freenode.net
sanjeev,103.196.79.196,Sanjeev,rajaniemi.freenode.net
wealstarr,unaffiliated/wealstarr,wealstarr,barjavel.freenode.net
Tojil,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-lqgovtdizmnoxvat,Tojil,wolfe.freenode.net
Swop,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-yarelppxekfcgyyy,Swop,niven.freenode.net
spossiba,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,spossiba,wilhelm.freenode.net
nopf,felderundfiguren.de,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
kants,unaffiliated/kants,kants,barjavel.freenode.net
retrohacker,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jbdkduutahlslsjj,Will Blankenship,adams.freenode.net
nile,norge.sdf.org,nile,barjavel.freenode.net
iKant,unaffiliated/ikant,weechat,niven.freenode.net
eir,freenode/utility-bot/eir,eir version 0.0.1,odin.freenode.net
shoup,45.63.76.107,Slick,leguin.freenode.net
moniker-,unaffiliated/moniker-,*,sinisalo.freenode.net
Dan_au,znc.danscomp.net,Dan,barjavel.freenode.net
AdrianG,unaffiliated/amphetamine,Real Name.,sinisalo.freenode.net
gde33,546A1876.cm-12-3a.dynamic.ziggo.nl,0,wolfe.freenode.net
unholycrab,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vzdxgnexeaozuqvm,pissfuck,adams.freenode.net
seg,fsf/member/seg,seg,card.freenode.net
SleeperCell,162.244.81.173,BtoY,niven.freenode.net
xeno,unaffiliated/xeno,xeno,sinisalo.freenode.net
Combined2857,unaffiliated/combined2857,realname,asimov.freenode.net
exospecies,earth-mission.com,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
fyrril,2605:a601:7014:1800:744c:7fc9:503f:5973,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Mordessin,goat.v4.fr.panicbnc.eu,Mordessin,hitchcock.freenode.net
Solak,cthia.xs4all.nl,solak,orwell.freenode.net
Flavia,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-wxomurocdbokvjyj,Flavia,wilhelm.freenode.net
bunzz,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-vaasslrburmqbvfi,bunz,niven.freenode.net
subtlepoint,hermes.upgrayed.net,got sub?,card.freenode.net
irco,HSI-KBW-134-3-97-221.hsi14.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de,rico,rajaniemi.freenode.net
e,freenode/staff/spy.edk,Ed Kellett,niven.freenode.net
LoRez,freenode/staff-emeritus/lorez,LoRez,tepper.freenode.net
cryptic,67-8-35-31.res.bhn.net,cryptic-,adams.freenode.net
TheScholar,ool-44c16ddc.dyn.optonline.net,...,sinisalo.freenode.net
chomwitt,ppp-94-67-221-230.home.otenet.gr,chomwitt,karatkievich.freenode.net
deceit,secksi.org,michael m.,asimov.freenode.net
Irishmanluke,dunx1.irt.drexel.edu,Luke Brooks,adams.freenode.net
ProClifo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-geeunhntfmdaxtbi,Steffen Eide,orwell.freenode.net
inhahe_,108-246-74-242.lightspeed.miamfl.sbcglobal.net,...,card.freenode.net
pbox,unaffiliated/pbox,box,rajaniemi.freenode.net
oleo,unaffiliated/oleo,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
ap4lmtree,cpe-172-91-17-153.socal.res.rr.com,apl4mtree-,hitchcock.freenode.net
minsky,But.I.Love.The.Coookies.PanicBNC.com,minsky,karatkievich.freenode.net
stux|RC-only,37.48.121.205,stux,verne.freenode.net
iaglium,45.63.76.107,iaglium,barjavel.freenode.net
Einwq,c83-251-10-70.bredband.comhem.se,realname,leguin.freenode.net
bananad,2f.9f.2ea9.ip4.static.sl-reverse.com,none,adams.freenode.net
zacts,dragora/developer/zacts,Zak Storer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Xenolith,unaffiliated/xenolith,realname,card.freenode.net
pellposi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ryauadimtakdxkkw,pellposi,adams.freenode.net
kaizen2,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cfcpxdgckidkijse,j,wilhelm.freenode.net
Oicifrep,unaffiliated/perficio,Perficio,hitchcock.freenode.net
litn,alrig.ht,blice,adams.freenode.net
xsdg,sipb-vm-99.mit.edu,xsdg,wolfe.freenode.net
xsdfsd,unaffiliated/sdfgsdfg,x,wolfe.freenode.net
BenderRodriguez,unaffiliated/foxhoundz,Foxhoundz,asimov.freenode.net
eivarv,cm-84.215.4.97.getinternet.no,Eivind Arvesen,orwell.freenode.net
EasyAsPie,wrongplanet/easyaspie,A,asimov.freenode.net
davidvs_away,162.216.46.163,Textual User,barjavel.freenode.net
Alby_Fox,207.244.67.20,realname,orwell.freenode.net
biax,unaffiliated/biax,biax,weber.freenode.net
psychicist,ip127-8-212-87.adsl2.static.versatel.nl,psychicist,barjavel.freenode.net
WeiJing,unaffiliated/alphinux,维京,orwell.freenode.net
matthiaskrgr,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-zyevvcalpnevbeux,matthiaskrgr,rajaniemi.freenode.net
King,silently.online,just.. do it,asimov.freenode.net
APic,apic.name,A. Pic. - my name since YOLD 3149,card.freenode.net
Caraway,gateway/shell/firrre/x-jzkalprvinagdasu,Caraway,niven.freenode.net
chattered,dhcp-90-221.inf.ed.ac.uk,unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
relaxolotl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mgltmicpekvjjfms,nonternary,sinisalo.freenode.net
neuro_sys,unaffiliated/neurosys/x-283974,neuro_sys,wolfe.freenode.net
koan,unaffiliated/koan,koan,hitchcock.freenode.net
ux,p20030069AF37E543645919780E7367E7.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,uxio,wilhelm.freenode.net
abra0,unaffiliated/abra0,abra_abra,kornbluth.freenode.net
Dumuzi,Dont.Blink.PanicBNC.org,Dumuzi,wilhelm.freenode.net
BGL,75-149-171-58-Washington.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,BGLWrK,barjavel.freenode.net
zxq2,unaffiliated/zxq2,zxq,weber.freenode.net
mosasaur,unaffiliated/mosasaur,realname,verne.freenode.net
g2,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-fmbddiepytagfvte,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
Peng,unaffiliated/peng,Matt Nordhoff,barjavel.freenode.net
Quokka,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-ncsyetqewztefzth,Fife,wolfe.freenode.net
Jesuspiece,unaffiliated/jesuspiece,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
motaka2,5.161.26.229,motaka2,barjavel.freenode.net
Zyx_,esp64-2-83-155-176-36.fbx.proxad.net,Zyx,niven.freenode.net
opm,unaffiliated/opm,Pri,orwell.freenode.net
YouCallItFar,onegrandcircle.com,far,adams.freenode.net
markelite,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-mvwzqsznmzjauohf,Mark,wolfe.freenode.net
Krapsy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nqkdddnhvlnajyyi,Kraps,wilhelm.freenode.net
memberber,gateway/web/freenode/ip.77.29.197.12,77.29.197.12 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
NomenEstOmen,2a00:d880:3:2::657d:ade4,"Nomen,sinisalo.freenode.net
styler2go,v22015051823525655.yourvserver.net,Styler 2 Go,kornbluth.freenode.net
hyperreal,unaffiliated/hyperreal,Jeffrey,karatkievich.freenode.net
norotartagen,71-89-76-184.dhcp.bycy.mi.charter.com,www.aoeu2code.com,tepper.freenode.net
techno156,unaffiliated/techno156,realname,orwell.freenode.net
Paliwanag,2601:642:4000:99ad:a935:24c8:6c44:53bb,Paliwanag,leguin.freenode.net
nadir,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qdinekdaqfdctjcq,CYBORG 11. Buddy spike.,karatkievich.freenode.net
fendur,unaffiliated/fendur,NJD,wolfe.freenode.net
Wayward_Vagabond,cpe-98-30-156-142.columbus.res.rr.com,Marvin,sinisalo.freenode.net
DoYouKnow,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cxbehruprethebor,DoYouKnow,wilhelm.freenode.net
justache,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wdlvokosrlmnlydz,justache,karatkievich.freenode.net
john51,15255.s.t4vps.eu,John,sinisalo.freenode.net
sheea,unaffiliated/shea,Android IRC Client,verne.freenode.net
MissionCritical,unaffiliated/missioncritical,Mission Critical,weber.freenode.net
Inspiral,unaffiliated/inspiral,Potato,adams.freenode.net
KindOne,freenude/topless/kindone,...,leguin.freenode.net
Aboba,node-1w7jr9sqc1awxmmz1fkxrxazb.ipv6.telus.net,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
smeggysmeg,unaffiliated/smeggysmeg,smeg,asimov.freenode.net
Jen__,cpc76808-brmb10-2-0-cust35.1-3.cable.virginm.net,Jen,karatkievich.freenode.net
JMnemonic,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gperocceyzcznwpb,JMnemonic,niven.freenode.net
kloeri,freenode/staff/exherbo.kloeri,Bryan Ostergaard,orwell.freenode.net
mr45,cpc3-hudd10-2-0-cust245.4-1.cable.virginm.net,mr45test,adams.freenode.net
chewyDelicious,124.197.62.6,lol,card.freenode.net
Lions,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kkpvmxxxpyvoayjx,Lions,adams.freenode.net
anirban,unaffiliated/apostasy,realname,weber.freenode.net
maurelius,cm-84.213.196.75.getinternet.no,maurelius,leguin.freenode.net
raccccoon,irchelp/raccoon,Keeper Of The Keys.,adams.freenode.net
njan,freenode/staff/njan,James Eaton-Lee,kornbluth.freenode.net
seanw,freenode/staff-emeritus/seanw,Sean Whitton [spwhitton@spwhitton.name],weber.freenode.net
PlasmaStar,unaffiliated/plasmastar,Jamie,hitchcock.freenode.net
Cormorant,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-zstsqvvulfizjxtu,Cormorant,asimov.freenode.net
frobnitz,cpe-70-121-101-42.austin.res.rr.com,Ian Remmler,tepper.freenode.net
PolarBear,99-198-129-197.mci.googlefiber.net,...,barjavel.freenode.net
Ricks,1.ipv6.aegir.superbnc.com,SuperBNC - https://SuperBNC.com,wilhelm.freenode.net
fluxit,techsmix.net,undef,hitchcock.freenode.net
pheizax,unaffiliated/pheizax,pheizax,karatkievich.freenode.net
TheAbraxas,cpe-76-176-219-184.san.res.rr.com,Abraxas,card.freenode.net
Moyst,212-149-200-72.bb.dnainternet.fi,Möyst,leguin.freenode.net
Diamond,unaffiliated/diamond,Diamond,wolfe.freenode.net
xt3kn1k,ocean.seedhost.eu,xt3kn1k,weber.freenode.net
gry,fsf/member/svetlana,Svetlana Tkachenko,card.freenode.net
saintromuald__,dynamic-acs-24-239-99-170.zoominternet.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
reverse_light,ntszok079247.szok.nt.adsl.ppp.infoweb.ne.jp,reverse_light,niven.freenode.net
zolk3ri,unaffiliated/zolk3ri,zolk3ri,weber.freenode.net
webnanners,unaffiliated/webnanners,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
bipul,linuxpadawan/padawan/bipul,BIPUL.NET,niven.freenode.net
birk0ff,185.120.126.8,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
beaky,2a03:b0c0:0:1010::123:5003,beaky,karatkievich.freenode.net
vok`,pool-96-245-193-142.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,pi,niven.freenode.net
milkmaid,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eicpdsnsgxcxwnsg,milkmaid,wilhelm.freenode.net
chcknrub,d207-81-176-40.bchsia.telus.net,user,weber.freenode.net
synthmeat,unaffiliated/synthmeat,Ante Perić,orwell.freenode.net
dmalcolm,c-73-249-209-218.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,David Malcolm,wolfe.freenode.net
lxo,linux-libre.fsfla.org,Alexandre Oliva,niven.freenode.net
cgf,pool-100-0-15-251.bstnma.fios.verizon.net,purple,leguin.freenode.net
rearnsha_,nat/arm/x-wcymjufwtrjvwwlc,Richard Earnshaw,adams.freenode.net
Guest56045,c-24-11-92-212.hsd1.ut.comcast.net,Jeff Law,wilhelm.freenode.net
yao,nat/arm/x-ozxjyhrtsnyfbirb,Yao Qi,adams.freenode.net
lberk,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe93:314a,lberk,karatkievich.freenode.net
tuliom,177.138.222.188,Tulio Magno Quites Machado Filho,card.freenode.net
iant,road.airs.com,Ian Lance Taylor,rajaniemi.freenode.net
thopre01,nat/arm/x-uvrycnhehznoccri,Thomas Preud'homme,verne.freenode.net
sergiodj,unaffiliated/sergiodj,Sergio Durigan Junior,barjavel.freenode.net
marxin,nat/suse/x-ldufugoaezbxammu,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
corinna,pdpc/supporter/professional/corinna,Corinna Vinschen,verne.freenode.net
fche,CPE0024016896b5-CM84948c864b60.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,Frank Ch. Eigler,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jturney,host86-141-129-132.range86-141.btcentralplus.com,jon,weber.freenode.net
rearnsha,95.146.240.130,Richard Earnshaw,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
tumdedum,unaffiliated/espiral,tum-de-dum,card.freenode.net
jason237,209-6-90-240.c3-0.smr-ubr1.sbo-smr.ma.cable.rcn.com,Jason Merrill,sinisalo.freenode.net
juri_,192.94.73.193,Julia Longtin,wolfe.freenode.net
rotty,yade.chaostreff.at,rotty,leguin.freenode.net
reinoud,2001:985:56db:1:f00b:a4ff:fe61:5bb9,purple,wolfe.freenode.net
mmachenry,45.112.54.67,Adium User,wolfe.freenode.net
gmcharlt,www.librarypolice.com,Galen Charlton,weber.freenode.net
rangi,pdpc/supporter/professional/rangi,bip on debian,asimov.freenode.net
wizzyrea,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe69:fdd5,Liz Rea,niven.freenode.net
sirhc,kernel-panic/member/sirhc,sirhc,adams.freenode.net
augmented4th,augmentedfourth.com,That Guy,verne.freenode.net
spicyjack,lagrange.xaoc.org,Who's Yo Daddy???,orwell.freenode.net
_manny,havesome.coffee,Manny S.,niven.freenode.net
kst,infopath-2-old.ucsd.edu,unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
k5tux,joust.bluecows.com,Russ,weber.freenode.net
ryerke_,2602:301:775e:b3e0:bcf8:e949:7ed7:c7e4,Bert,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ziocroc,151.74.62.94,ziocroc,asimov.freenode.net
crybot,net-93-71-93-155.cust.vodafonedsl.it,realname,asimov.freenode.net
MrFrank,host87-150-dynamic.48-82-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Franciman,host9-27-dynamic.19-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
lumo_e,2.224.158.23,Enrico,card.freenode.net
outofbounds,unaffiliated/outofbounds,Out Of Bounds,verne.freenode.net
riftman,zekewolf.estig.ipb.pt,riftman,adams.freenode.net
ebf0,13.81-167-171.customer.lyse.net,http://www.gamelinux.org/,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
cunningpike,d172-218-128-79.bchsia.telus.net,cunningpike,asimov.freenode.net
VictorJ,a212-238-163-105.adsl.xs4all.nl,Victor Julien,wolfe.freenode.net
inliniac_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tjfahwzhajvdmewo,Victor Julien,wolfe.freenode.net
ish,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ivkcfwmqyvsjggko,Jason Ish,adams.freenode.net
CTUd,unaffiliated/seedler,Dalton,rajaniemi.freenode.net
grove_,elmo.3001.dk,Henrik Christian Grove,weber.freenode.net
kloeri,freenode/staff/exherbo.kloeri,Bryan Ostergaard,orwell.freenode.net
grove,teresa.3001.dk,Henrik Christian Grove,hitchcock.freenode.net
TinoDidriksen,tinodidriksen.com,Tino Didriksen,wilhelm.freenode.net
lynge,kaneton.poolp.org,lynge,barjavel.freenode.net
knielsen,0106ds1-hvi.0.fullrate.ninja,Kristian Nielsen,adams.freenode.net
[ddmp],unaffiliated/dmp/x-546784,Dennis Møllegaard Pedersen,verne.freenode.net
jobbe,fsf/member/Jobbe,morten,niven.freenode.net
Freso,musicbrainz/user/Freso,Frederik “Freso” S. Olesen,zelazny.freenode.net
cb400f,opensuse/member/Cb400f,Martin Schlander,hitchcock.freenode.net
JesperH,unaffiliated/jesperh,Jesper,karatkievich.freenode.net
ahf,irssi/staff/ahf,Alexander Færøy,verne.freenode.net
inara,68.ip-149-56-14.net,inara,karatkievich.freenode.net
jpa-,hilla.kapsi.fi,Petteri Aimonen,barjavel.freenode.net
castaway,cpc81866-swin19-2-0-cust48.3-1.cable.virginm.net,Jess Robinson,asimov.freenode.net
englishman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rigxohadezfmczhd,englishman,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
dongs,bcas.tv,loljews,rajaniemi.freenode.net
EvdZ|Ultimaker,72-80-ftth.on.nl,Erik van der Zalm,asimov.freenode.net
Steffanx,unaffiliated/steffanx,steffanx,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rcsheets,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ivmelfocscjdpibq,Robert C. Sheets,karatkievich.freenode.net
ssteele,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-itclejfzhktohuvv,Sam Steele,niven.freenode.net
plue_bot,64.119.200.81,Sopel: http://sopel.chat,verne.freenode.net
Bajan13K,64.119.200.81,Kentaro -Granit(h)or- Kandle,card.freenode.net
jjuran,c-73-180-171-104.hsd1.md.comcast.net,Josh Juran,wolfe.freenode.net
octarine,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gmtjgswdrmiyhblf,josh,wolfe.freenode.net
jmickeyd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nqkgomhlredbwehj,Jeff McDonald,wilhelm.freenode.net
stephen87,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-koadypmavdlysize,stephen87,sinisalo.freenode.net
comath,69.143.41.0,Sven,tepper.freenode.net
mattyoho,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hlxeuosfzplpkcje,Matt Yoho,weber.freenode.net
Protocol,c-66-235-5-246.sea.wa.customer.broadstripe.net,Protocol,niven.freenode.net
antibrian_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xkrhupwpdqhvbepw,Brian,weber.freenode.net
th,unaffiliated/th,Tobias Hintze,verne.freenode.net
monkeyiq,theabo.de,The Saru,verne.freenode.net
michiel_l,2001:984:2ab3:1:202:2aff:fed8:6f46,Michiel Leenaars,wolfe.freenode.net
leinir,amarok/usability/leinir,Dan Leinir Turthra Jensen,wolfe.freenode.net
ahiemstra,5353B635.cm-6-4c.dynamic.ziggo.nl,n,wolfe.freenode.net
peitschie,58-7-143-74.dyn.iinet.net.au,Philip Peitsch,niven.freenode.net
LukasReschke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kmoldgbzpshcqarx,Lukas Reschke,wilhelm.freenode.net
maseck,pool-96-244-153-165.bltmmd.east.verizon.net,maseck,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Rod-Serling_,63.86.10.76,realname,asimov.freenode.net
nikow,129.ip-51-255-160.eu,nikow,asimov.freenode.net
CrAzYPiLoT,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-fcuielkxrdpqszbg,CrAzYPiLoT,karatkievich.freenode.net
jasonmbrown,S01061cabc0a461a3.gv.shawcable.net,The Chat Cool People Use,wolfe.freenode.net
nanovad,unaffiliated/nanovad,Nick D,orwell.freenode.net
neunon,unaffiliated/neunon,Steven Noonan,card.freenode.net
blank_name,50-107-81-135.adr02.mskg.mi.frontiernet.net,blank_name,hitchcock.freenode.net
CDag,unaffiliated/cdag,cdag,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
D_,78-11-166-135.static.ip.netia.com.pl,Dee,card.freenode.net
nornagon,li86-154.members.linode.com,Jeremy Apthorp,orwell.freenode.net
Narc0tiq,linode.narc.ro,Octav Sandulescu,tepper.freenode.net
illusionary,rakanishu.hack-talk.info,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
AlecWhite,128.red-79-150-128.dynamicip.rima-tde.net,Alec White,barjavel.freenode.net
MacrosBlack-Work,216.117.40.40,realname,verne.freenode.net
ChucklesTheBeard,chucklesthebeard.website,Andrew Smith,weber.freenode.net
Bdragon,drupal.org/user/53081/view,Brandon Bergren,tepper.freenode.net
tivec,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe50:7295,Tivec!,niven.freenode.net
daspork,128.199.205.75,,,,,wilhelm.freenode.net
oldlaptop,162.247.150.37,oldlaptop,niven.freenode.net
lumikant,75-136-91-203.dhcp.wrcs.ma.charter.com,Im Fucking Lou,hitchcock.freenode.net
DanmakuDan,web514.webfaction.com,DanmakuDan,adams.freenode.net
CDDA-Jenkins,linode.narc.ro,PircBotX 2.0.1, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bo,sinisalo.freenode.net
voker57,kvirc/developer/Voker57,Voker57,niven.freenode.net
][_R_][,node-1w7jra26ntvy16aoepgj82ta3.ipv6.telus.net,Faym F,karatkievich.freenode.net
maraku,unaffiliated/maraku,Who?,niven.freenode.net
rmull,nooperation.org,Ryan Mullen,barjavel.freenode.net
nekomune,comfy.moe,Compile. Conform. Perform.,asimov.freenode.net
kori,unaffiliated/kori,kori,adams.freenode.net
sdhand,unaffiliated/kyubiko,sdhand,adams.freenode.net
taterbase,taterbase.me,taterbase,orwell.freenode.net
wildefyr,unaffiliated/fireblasto,<Insert Here>,niven.freenode.net
onodera,camille.xs4all.nl,Camille,orwell.freenode.net
arc-,2001:19f0:300:62e2:5400:ff:fe20:cc8,abraham levine,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
apt-get,donot.passthepopcorn.us,apt-get,card.freenode.net
retard,zak.radionova.no,tom,wolfe.freenode.net
Reception|away,miraheze/Reception123,Reception,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
wm-bot2,wikimedia/bot/wm-bot,wm-bot,card.freenode.net
ASFBot,apache/bot/asfbot,ASF Multipurpose Bot,verne.freenode.net
Blfriis,91.144.232.30,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
TheDcoder,unaffiliated/thedcoder,Damon,hitchcock.freenode.net
radish,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,radish,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Sedo,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::12f:8001,Manuel Thallinger,niven.freenode.net
sidmo_,p5489DAE3.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,sidmo,tepper.freenode.net
BlitzCreeP,HSI-KBW-46-223-5-152.hsi.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de,realname,leguin.freenode.net
pozzoni,2604:180::5a69:7f32,pozzoni,wilhelm.freenode.net
TidyKoala,prox-int-34.cozycloud.cc,TidyKoala,weber.freenode.net
cozy-73334,prox-int-34.cozycloud.cc,cozy-733,niven.freenode.net
Voop,2601:87:8301:3703:f0db:48e4:858e:986e,Voop,karatkievich.freenode.net
JX7P,freebsd/user/kastengraeber,IRIX User,karatkievich.freenode.net
kanzaibitten,unaffiliated/banzaikitten,banzai kitten,asimov.freenode.net
DrVitusWerdegast,unaffiliated/drvituswerdegast,Immea A. Phluente,niven.freenode.net
neohaven,unaffiliated/neohaven,Nope,niven.freenode.net
zoid,unaffiliated/taxationistheft,Taxation is Theft,niven.freenode.net
erstazi,unaffiliated/erstazi,erstazi,asimov.freenode.net
tomflint,unaffiliated/tomflint,TomFlint,orwell.freenode.net
sadme,unaffiliated/stork,sadme,karatkievich.freenode.net
mouses,unaffiliated/mouses,mooses,leguin.freenode.net
ReikokuKo,107.170.202.110,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
darin_maysville,cipafilter.maysville.k12.mo.us,darin,card.freenode.net
Scott_Work,12.147.40.178,8,6KVIrc 4.2.0 Equilibrium http://kvirc.net/,adams.freenode.net
Dee_FG,nsc69.38.109-210.newsouth.net,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
Pate_Hogan,150.199.188.251,The Chat Cool People Use,asimov.freenode.net
chris_centralr3,mx1.centralr3.org,A CIRC user,adams.freenode.net
csmith_wcr4,gateway/web/freenode/ip.150.199.178.71,westcofw.westco.k12.mo.us/150.199.178.71,herbert.freenode.net
Neil_seymour,cipa.seymourschool.net,0,5KVIrc 4.2.0 Equilibrium http://kvirc.net/,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Bcat,204.184.188.1,Bcat,card.freenode.net
Matt_FSD_,firewall.farmington.k12.mo.us,A CIRC user,niven.freenode.net
rambotan,150.200.39.203,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
tematric,71-219-220-6.clsp.qwest.net,tematric,karatkievich.freenode.net
Zanoab,71-219-220-6.clsp.qwest.net,Zanoab,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
eefi,p4FDB6DF8.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,eefi,weber.freenode.net
housemouse,unaffiliated/housemouse,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
RobotHobo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-btwqnnuobiwmfjst,Scott Webster,wilhelm.freenode.net
mooo,Powder/Developer/jacob1,jacob1's alternate znc,karatkievich.freenode.net
cracker64,Powder/Developer/cracker64,Moomer,weber.freenode.net
Neo,opennic/Neo,Neo Anderson,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
port443,mtndewcode.red,wizardmin,barjavel.freenode.net
weevhy,c-73-71-116-179.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,fuck you,adams.freenode.net
slack-,39.ip-151-80-135.eu,slack-,verne.freenode.net
Ylbam,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xoaoonmqyrdsurzo,ylbam,wolfe.freenode.net
ratoder,static.111.19.201.138.clients.your-server.de, Java IRC Bot,adams.freenode.net
janemba,unaffiliated/janemba,janemba,leguin.freenode.net
gribble,unaffiliated/nanotube/bot/gribble,Supybot 0.83.4.1+gribble (2014-12-21T23:25:09-0500,asimov.freenode.net
LGD,isis.rezometz.org,LGD,barjavel.freenode.net
crz,unaffiliated/crz-,crz,weber.freenode.net
jaster,unaffiliated/jaster,jaster,wolfe.freenode.net
ToFist,dev.metice.fr,Miners Pool,card.freenode.net
Human_G33k,62.147.242.8,Human_G33k,card.freenode.net
jadaking,185.81.157.207,Georges Abidbol,adams.freenode.net
olinkl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hneocymjcrpaopkw,olinkl,hitchcock.freenode.net
PCFiL,unaffiliated/pcfil,PCFiL,weber.freenode.net
Chocapeek,dsi401-d15.insa-lyon.fr,Chocapeek,verne.freenode.net
ffmad_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mouvjriowhhxxcug,ffmad,adams.freenode.net
davidlatapie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-weyemlucsljqcykr,David Latapie,wolfe.freenode.net
manjaro-kde5,175.128.171.95.rev.sfr.net,manjaro-kde5,orwell.freenode.net
PatBoy,192.99.249.194,cryptoboy,wolfe.freenode.net
Onishin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mcnlghivalpneltp,Onishin,tepper.freenode.net
Torlus,ks358226.kimsufi.com,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
JuanTitor,unaffiliated/ordiclic,Alexis,weber.freenode.net
Jeaneth,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-ddafnqfntgrmhwdb,LayerBNC - At Your Fingertips!,sinisalo.freenode.net
Yeritza,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-iyxzeepbabvxheir,Yeritza,wilhelm.freenode.net
Fredy-,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-zmidgvalmhxrdlog,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Peru,bnc.stormbit.net,PERU,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jchmrt,fsf/member/jchmrt,jchmrt,orwell.freenode.net
kingsley,174-21-72-212.tukw.qwest.net,Kingsley G. Morse Jr.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
yang2,freenode/sponsor/fsf.member.yang,Jan Prunk,card.freenode.net
DNS,unaffiliated/dns777,DNS777,orwell.freenode.net
ploop,unaffiliated/ruukasu,ploop,barjavel.freenode.net
pizzaiolo,177.142.134.142,purple,verne.freenode.net
cantstanya,unaffiliated/cantstanya,chatting,wolfe.freenode.net
fling,fsf/member/fling,fling,card.freenode.net
samgee,95.228-240-81.adsl-dyn.isp.belgacom.be,Sam Geeraerts,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Tsutsukakushi,163.172.151.191,Yui Hirasawa,leguin.freenode.net
genpaku,107.191.100.185,genpaku,asimov.freenode.net
efraim,fsf/member/efraim,Efraim Flashner,niven.freenode.net
mtjm,fsf/member/mtjm,Michał Masłowski,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
quidam,fsf/staff/quidam,Ruben Rodriguez,niven.freenode.net
samtux,unaffiliated/samtux,samtux,niven.freenode.net
lxo,linux-libre.fsfla.org,Alexandre Oliva,niven.freenode.net
ToaNii,fsf/member/ToaNii,ToaNii,barjavel.freenode.net
jxself,gnu/chief-webmaster/jxself,jxself,barjavel.freenode.net
txt-file,is.txtfile.eu,txt.file,adams.freenode.net
mark_weaver,world.peace.net,Mark H Weaver,barjavel.freenode.net
Emulatorman,unaffiliated/emulatorman,purple,verne.freenode.net
yar,unaffiliated/yar,yar,asimov.freenode.net
niitotantei,unaffiliated/niitotantei,niitotantei,verne.freenode.net
kmicu,176.56.237.191,kmicu,wilhelm.freenode.net
SylvieLorxu,541B7AAC.cm-5-4b.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Sylvie,karatkievich.freenode.net
anoopcs,gateway/shell/firrre/x-hjehtldocqgeomdq,Anoop C S,wilhelm.freenode.net
yang,freenode/sponsor/fsf.member.yang,Jan Prunk,weber.freenode.net
orly_owl,unaffiliated/orly-owl/x-3167833,david,asimov.freenode.net
jacobkm,django/committer/jacobkm,JKM,wolfe.freenode.net
mfandreas,meise.madflex.de,mfandreas,karatkievich.freenode.net
shaib,django/committer/shaib,Some User,adams.freenode.net
mk_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nkilzdxewafsjzmr,mk_,adams.freenode.net
loic84,django/committer/loic84,loic84,wolfe.freenode.net
ptone,django/committer/ptone,Preston Holmes,hitchcock.freenode.net
phildini,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-arscwmxnqftrakkn,phildini,barjavel.freenode.net
jeremy_laine_,91.121.38.193,Jeremy Lain�,wolfe.freenode.net
ratoder,static.111.19.201.138.clients.your-server.de, Java IRC Bot,adams.freenode.net
toffermann,104.131.155.226,toffermann,barjavel.freenode.net
kelvan,merlin1991.at,,,,,rajaniemi.freenode.net
benjaoming,37.139.19.237,Benjamin Bach,karatkievich.freenode.net
ulope,neon.ulo.pe,Ulrich Petri,karatkievich.freenode.net
mjtamlyn,django/committer/mjtamlyn,Some User,leguin.freenode.net
ticketbot_,ec2-54-158-159-106.compute-1.amazonaws.com,None,verne.freenode.net
nemo-yiannis,yiannelos.gr,John Giannelos,tepper.freenode.net
cramm,django/committer/cramm,Ramiro Morales,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
adamfast,96.43.128.146,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
mYk,django/committer/mYk,Aymeric Augustin,leguin.freenode.net
Xelnor,paris.xelnor.net,Raphaël Barrois,orwell.freenode.net
FlippY,server.fliphess.com,Flipperdeflapperdeflipper,niven.freenode.net
sjoerdjob,rose.sjec.nl,Sjoerd Job Postmus,weber.freenode.net
MarkusH,django/committer/MarkusH,Markus Holtermann,barjavel.freenode.net
ubernostrum,django/committer/ubernostrum,James Bennett,asimov.freenode.net
carljm,django/committer/carljm,Carl Meyer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
_longines,static.183.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,longines,wolfe.freenode.net
kutenai,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-slovewdqwssplglc,Ed Henderson,karatkievich.freenode.net
adambrenecki,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-geganywvymyubdbe,Adam Brenecki,adams.freenode.net
jarshwah,django/committer/jarshwah,jarshwah,card.freenode.net
patrick91_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yernplgqjmmbuycx,Patrick Guido Arminio,adams.freenode.net
apollo13,django/committer/apollo13,Florian Apolloner,barjavel.freenode.net
fcurella,curella.org,fcurella,adams.freenode.net
felixx,host-89-229-12-53.dynamic.mm.pl,Mariusz Felisiak,niven.freenode.net
collinanderson,lasalle16.lasallewebsites.com,Collin Anderson,tepper.freenode.net
tobias1,django/committer/tobias1,Tobias McNulty,wilhelm.freenode.net
jefftriplett,znc.djangopony.com,Jeff Triplett,verne.freenode.net
[o__o],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me,verne.freenode.net
aaron7,178.62.69.194,Aaron Kirkbride,wilhelm.freenode.net
sebleier,50.56.238.200,Sean Bleier,karatkievich.freenode.net
stefanfoulis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rbhcdaysirduedfz,Stefan Foulis,adams.freenode.net
freakboy3742,django/committer/freakboy3742,Some User,karatkievich.freenode.net
piquadrat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kvsyzoxktgipehjk,Benjamin Wohlwend,wilhelm.freenode.net
MatthewWilkes,thedistillery.eu,Matthew Wilkes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Sheraton,unaffiliated/junior/bot/sheraton,AD,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Hei_Ku,2a00:1098:0:82:1000:25:2eeb:e3e4,Alvaro Soliverez,sinisalo.freenode.net
sandroandrade,104.236.100.111,Sandro S. Andrade,weber.freenode.net
waz0wski,hrothgar.distortion.io,waz0wski,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nikogonzo,sec.ed25519.pub,nikogonzo,asimov.freenode.net
ken_barber,puppetlabs/eng/ken-barber,Ken Barber,sinisalo.freenode.net
kkristof,sedatmnat.inf.u-szeged.hu,Kristóf Kosztyó,leguin.freenode.net
szledan_home,91.83.68.119,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
dbatyai,sedatmnat.inf.u-szeged.hu,Daniel Batyai,barjavel.freenode.net
Zoltan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jpbaoflmsnqetcam,Zoltan Horvath,wilhelm.freenode.net
mmatyas,sedatmnat.inf.u-szeged.hu,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
davidsz,sedatmnat.inf.u-szeged.hu,Szabolcs David,verne.freenode.net
llango,lango.inf.u-szeged.hu,realname,card.freenode.net
rgabor__,212.250.200.210,Gabor Rapcsanyi,leguin.freenode.net
Ossy,sedatmnat.inf.u-szeged.hu,Ossy,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ElectricPB,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xtwztfopzqdkdgeu,ElectricPB,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
r0ma1ne,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-lnjekfnbgiabmysq,Romaine,sinisalo.freenode.net
shiprex_1fk,107.170.199.166,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
18VAAB25W,static.56.147.9.176.clients.your-server.de,nubske,verne.freenode.net
7F1AAJ22D,static.56.147.9.176.clients.your-server.de,nubske,wilhelm.freenode.net
7JTAACPD8,static.56.147.9.176.clients.your-server.de,nubske,orwell.freenode.net
nubske,static.56.147.9.176.clients.your-server.de,nubske,tepper.freenode.net
7ITAAJYC3,static.56.147.9.176.clients.your-server.de,nubske,niven.freenode.net
Dave,freenode/staff/dave2,Dave Wickham,hitchcock.freenode.net
18WAAJM35,static.56.147.9.176.clients.your-server.de,nubske,adams.freenode.net
tmoreira,redhat/tmoreira,Tiago Moreira Vieira,asimov.freenode.net
zodbot,fedora/bot/zodbot,Limnoria installed on 2016-06-11T19-31-21,orwell.freenode.net
apahim,nat/redhat/x-uakgxlurjgqgujgv,Amador Pahim,hitchcock.freenode.net
hnsc,187-41-87-209.user.veloxzone.com.br,hnsc,asimov.freenode.net
aquini,nat/redhat/x-bijcxyozwnysuznl,Rafael Aquini,adams.freenode.net
itamarjp,fedora/itamarjp,itamar,asimov.freenode.net
danielbruno,fedora/danielbruno,dbruno,weber.freenode.net
\0x29a,0x29a.com.br,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dgilmore,fedora/dgilmore,Dennis Gilmore,orwell.freenode.net
athos,fedora/ribeiro,Athos Ribeiro,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
clecio,h200137222152.ufg.br,Clecio Oliveira,adams.freenode.net
fedorabr_bot,ns3.ispbrasil.com.br,nodeJS IRC client,verne.freenode.net
tatica,fedora/tatica,Maria Leandro,wilhelm.freenode.net
FerT,unaffiliated/Richzendy/bot/fert,Its on,barjavel.freenode.net
postrecito,unaffiliated/dorami-doraemon,SuperBNC - https://SuperBNC.com,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Guest98276,locke.misse.org,nope,asimov.freenode.net
vizay-,locke.misse.org,Peter Lamperud,card.freenode.net
jeken_,locke.misse.org,jeken,asimov.freenode.net
Duion,x4d0271d8.dyn.telefonica.de,purple,leguin.freenode.net
fqtw_,x590e7ab9.dyn.telefonica.de,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
Archwyrm,archwyrm.net,archwyrm,karatkievich.freenode.net
RedRingRico,redringrico.plus.com,realname,niven.freenode.net
soloojos,gateway/tor-sasl/soloojos,realname,zelazny.freenode.net
xenodora,150.101.97.121,Xenodora,wolfe.freenode.net
webshinra,2a01:e35:8baf:4740:d54a:6df2:e3d8:1843,Rufus Shadowolf,adams.freenode.net
meZee,unaffiliated/swedftp,SwedFTP,wolfe.freenode.net
Akien,godotengine/akien,Akien,barjavel.freenode.net
ced117_,AStrasbourg-552-1-35-58.w90-26.abo.wanadoo.fr,Cedric Heintz,adams.freenode.net
bernalex,gentoo/developer/fsf.member.bernalex,alexander berntsen,barjavel.freenode.net
lumidify,unaffiliated/lumidify,Lumidify Productions,card.freenode.net
nkr,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-qlfpenwvabkbgggm,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,niven.freenode.net
eihrul,75.130.228.200,eihrul,wilhelm.freenode.net
john_cephalopoda,unaffiliated/john-minetest/x-5335115,john,tepper.freenode.net
Philip`,compass.zaynar.co.uk,Philip Taylor,card.freenode.net
kvda,unaffiliated/kvda,Person A,roddenberry.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
turtleman,pool-173-70-124-176.nwrknj.fios.verizon.net,turtleman,verne.freenode.net
techmagus,204.44.91.59,Yahanan Xie,weber.freenode.net
unreal,unaffiliated/unreal,unreal,niven.freenode.net
sebbu,unaffiliated/sebbu,sebbu,barjavel.freenode.net
aanderse,192-0-144-143.cpe.teksavvy.com,Aaron,weber.freenode.net
sydney_untangle,supertux/sydney,sydney,barjavel.freenode.net
yosafbridge,68.ip-149-56-14.net,yosafbridge,orwell.freenode.net
mt,atheme/mteufel,M. Teufel <mteufel@urandom.eu.org>,niven.freenode.net
tomreyn,megaglest/team/tomreyn,Tom Reynolds,sinisalo.freenode.net
eihrul_work,75-130-228-200.dhcp.oxfr.ma.charter.com,eihrul,asimov.freenode.net
MistahDarcy,fsf/member/MistahDarcy,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
ghoulsblade,p4FF71FDE.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,purple,barjavel.freenode.net
oln,147.89.45.31.customer.cdi.no,name,tepper.freenode.net
Beliar,2a02:560:4162:e100:d911:9426:1ae9:8083,Karsten Bock,wolfe.freenode.net
chrisf,hamb.in,Chris Forbes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Arthur_D,supertuxkart/tester/Arthur,Magne Djupvik,tepper.freenode.net
Deiz,unaffiliated/deiz,swh,asimov.freenode.net
congusbongus,203-7-94-228.dyn.iinet.net.au,realname,weber.freenode.net
dscharrer,constexpr.org,void,kornbluth.freenode.net
ericxdu,ip70-179-48-184.sd.sd.cox.net,Eric,,,,tepper.freenode.net
ced117,opensuse/member/ced117,Cedric Heintz,wilhelm.freenode.net
sn0wmonster,taskhive/developer/sn0wmonster,Skifree Snowmonster,wolfe.freenode.net
fr1tz_,46.19.143.145,fr1tz,hitchcock.freenode.net
sdk,unaffiliated/sdk-,sdk,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zencognito,2601:600:8a00:df:ceaf:78ff:fec8:aba6,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
ReactorScram,c-98-214-101-208.hsd1.il.comcast.net,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
Tobbi,supertux/tobbi,Tobias Markus,karatkievich.freenode.net
cc___,2001:910:113f:1:6a05:caff:fe1c:1627,ac,sinisalo.freenode.net
CrazyEddy,wrongplanet/CrazyEddy,Lovelorn Gothic Darkness, Anarcrat, INtP.,tepper.freenode.net
brolin_empey,brolin.be,Brolin Empey,card.freenode.net
trebot,unaffiliated/arsanerit/bot/trebot,Supybot 0.83.4.1+limnoria installed on 2016-01-18T,sinisalo.freenode.net
Gorzzz,106.119.233.220.static.exetel.com.au,John,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Pipton,openasd.org,Pip,orwell.freenode.net
mohan_,cce02cs4035-fa12-z.ams.hpecore.net,Mohanasundaram Devarajulu,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
sharkcz,2a01:8c00:ffb3:160:250:43ff:fe3c:3b5d,Dan Horák,niven.freenode.net
sutula,207-118-156-240.dyn.centurytel.net,Bryan Sutula,wolfe.freenode.net
Sinclair6,108-75-18-87.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net,Sinclair6,wilhelm.freenode.net
peaches,unaffiliated/mspeaches,peaches,wolfe.freenode.net
Roey,pool-100-15-82-213.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Roey Katz,weber.freenode.net
NeverTired,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gzjmferqpzagcsmj,John A.,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Plazma,freenode/staff-emeritus/plazma,Plazma,asimov.freenode.net
anpi,2001:470:1f08:1bb0::2,sure,adams.freenode.net
paeniz,p4FDFC4D3.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,SchwanzusLongus,adams.freenode.net
