mogreen,unaffiliated/mogreen,mogreen,sinisalo.freenode.net
lg-sentry,unaffiliated/zsentinel/bot/lg-sentry,lg-sentry,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nowan,bl11-18-226.dsl.telepac.pt,nowan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
parasite,mar75-4-82-230-46-11.fbx.proxad.net,parasite,tepper.freenode.net
thrasher`,unaffiliated/thrasher/x-7291870,thrasher,adams.freenode.net
ge0x,185.56.144.223,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
Someguy123,unaffiliated/compgenius999,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
zsentinel,unaffiliated/zsentinel,Got ZNC?,barjavel.freenode.net
tych0,162.243.9.74,Tycho Andersen,niven.freenode.net
_laco,static.183.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,laco,weber.freenode.net
early,68.ip-149-56-14.net,early,orwell.freenode.net
Ceron_______,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uvpjouudmhtjxpuw,Tom,karatkievich.freenode.net
kraft,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-yzagzsggfjafsanb,Na,orwell.freenode.net
swart,c-71-202-60-74.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Steve Wart,hitchcock.freenode.net
pchrist,gentoo/developer/pchrist,Panagiotis Christopoulos,niven.freenode.net
igitoor,unaffiliated/contempt,igitur,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tessi_zz,gateway/shell/uberspace.de/x-stduzgqvriwbneaz,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
ggherdov`__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kihzplutqrpubrwv,Giovanni Gherdovich,wolfe.freenode.net
eMBee,foresight/developer/pike/programmer,Martin B�hr,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
telex,freeshell.de,telex,tepper.freenode.net
everdred,li1265-152.members.linode.com,irssi,sinisalo.freenode.net
JoshS,172.56.17.181,joshua,wolfe.freenode.net
DarkSoul[Tokyo],y094193.ppp.asahi-net.or.jp,Anryou Yaminosuke,wolfe.freenode.net
SAS,ks392306.kimsufi.com,Malco Longe,rajaniemi.freenode.net
elesouef,btb14-1-88-173-186-140.fbx.proxad.net,Emmanuel Lesouef,orwell.freenode.net
xals,lahouze-srv01.sysnove.net,Alexis Lahouze,weber.freenode.net
DarkSoul,denrei.darkbsd.org,Anryou Yaminosuke,weber.freenode.net
dim,prometheus.naquadah.org,Dimitri Fontaine,wolfe.freenode.net
chll,2a01:e35:2ef3:b360::abac:43,chll,adams.freenode.net
pea,puffy.raveland.org,pea,niven.freenode.net
xocolatl,ath91-3-88-167-161-184.fbx.proxad.net,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
kykoonn,minus.kymo.org,kykoonn,asimov.freenode.net
asyd,gendo.asyd.net,__plop__,verne.freenode.net
louisemeta,91.103.136.242,louisemeta,sinisalo.freenode.net
dermiste,brouwer.kilob.yt,dermiste,leguin.freenode.net
Torgan,avi31-1-88-177-47-93.fbx.proxad.net,Torgan,karatkievich.freenode.net
low,minicloud.quelquesmots.fr,Laurent Wandrebeck,karatkievich.freenode.net
davlefou,unaffiliated/davlefou,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
macdice,freebsd/user/macdice,unknown,tepper.freenode.net
ed,2001:bc8:280a:1:5054:ff:feba:da26,Laurent Coustet,wolfe.freenode.net
nah-ko,smithwicks.nah-ko.org,Maurice,hitchcock.freenode.net
sebl,muuroi.lardiere.net,Sébastien Lardière,karatkievich.freenode.net
merlin8282,14.81.91.91.rev.sfr.net,Merlin L'Enchanteur,wolfe.freenode.net
aanriot,srv1.atlantilde.com,Alexandre Anriot,orwell.freenode.net
djul,cortex.brainlag.org,Julien Porschen,adams.freenode.net
renchap,je.suis.aigri.fr,Renaud Chaput,wolfe.freenode.net
marcelius,stalkr.net,nolose,hitchcock.freenode.net
daamien,195-154-112-71.rev.poneytelecom.eu,daamien,hitchcock.freenode.net
_william_,53.132.10.109.rev.sfr.net,William Bonnet,weber.freenode.net
maurris,unaffiliated/maurris,maurris,barjavel.freenode.net
tamentis,prometheus.tamentis.com,tamentis,adams.freenode.net
carxwol,kvas.hexecho.net,Stephane Kanschine,karatkievich.freenode.net
gildegoma_,46.101.165.94,Gilles Cornu,barjavel.freenode.net
rjuju1,aur75-1-78-192-238-147.fbxo.proxad.net,Julien Rouhaud,niven.freenode.net
ChOcO-Bn,149.202.190.7,choco,orwell.freenode.net
pg_docbot,donatu.postgresql.org,PostgreSQL IRC infobot,karatkievich.freenode.net
seu,srv071.come2club.xyz,seu,rajaniemi.freenode.net
holdsworth,unaffiliated/holdsworth,holdsworth,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ormaaj,gateway/shell/anapnea.net/x-aezqcutonfibjdtl,ormaaj,weber.freenode.net
geirha,gina.it.ntnu.no,geirha,wilhelm.freenode.net
igitoor,unaffiliated/contempt,igitur,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sjohnson,cow.sj.rfc1459.net,smu johnson,wolfe.freenode.net
RadoQ,unaffiliated/radoq,Rado Q,kornbluth.freenode.net
Jb_boin,proxad.eu,Jean Weisbuch,leguin.freenode.net
zerkalo,ny1.hashbang.sh,myricae,adams.freenode.net
eleksir,exs-elm.ru,Sergei,adams.freenode.net
jstg,unaffiliated/jstg,jstg,asimov.freenode.net
eiro,home.u-strasbg.fr,Marc Chantreux,barjavel.freenode.net
sumark,apache2-kant.caprisun.dreamhost.com,sumark,rajaniemi.freenode.net
RussellT________,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fcguasgxrqnymtdz,Russell Cannon,wilhelm.freenode.net
twkm,rfc1459.net,"those who know me have no need of my name",wolfe.freenode.net
shbot,37.139.2.101,nodeJS IRC client,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
silverf0x,unaffiliated/silverf0x,a luz falsa que hipnotiza o bobo...,karatkievich.freenode.net
colona,keel.ycc.fr,Colona,card.freenode.net
guardian,planet-d.net,guardian,card.freenode.net
situ,130.95.13.138,Siteshwar,wilhelm.freenode.net
irco,HSI-KBW-134-3-97-221.hsi14.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de,rico,rajaniemi.freenode.net
izalove,unaffiliated/izabera,izabera,wilhelm.freenode.net
charles81,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mpzdaalyxqaomfhw,Charles Wilkinson,wolfe.freenode.net
jvv,wojtysiak.org,jvv,kornbluth.freenode.net
fiyawerx,c-174-60-237-128.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,fiyawerx,hitchcock.freenode.net
kraft,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-yzagzsggfjafsanb,Na,orwell.freenode.net
heiner,dslc-082-082-225-150.pools.arcor-ip.net,heiner,weber.freenode.net
LongyanG,15255.s.t4vps.eu,long yang,wolfe.freenode.net
|Source|,li1508-63.members.linode.com,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
voxelot,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xpndlmlbxpddfjgb,voxelot,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
bai,meobets.com,bai,asimov.freenode.net
alu,unaffiliated/alu,alu,card.freenode.net
Tapani,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gbpiooapdwuxlemg,go out,wilhelm.freenode.net
shadoxx,107.170.50.151,shadoxx,asimov.freenode.net
Guest39518,199.127.226.246,metric,wolfe.freenode.net
whitesn,gateway/shell/xshellz/x-aksfgkfkkaevanza,SwhineT,wilhelm.freenode.net
Druplicon,drupal/bot/druplicon,Druplicon :http://drupal.org/project/bot,asimov.freenode.net
gippy_____,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ykepflkhqdzbyawx,Mark Hicks,adams.freenode.net
rocketeerbkw,159.203.107.69,name,karatkievich.freenode.net
k6ka,wikimedia/k6ka,k6ka,barjavel.freenode.net
waifu,wikia/vstf/TyA,Ty,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Kuri,friloux.me,Guillaume Friloux,asimov.freenode.net
{billiob},enlightenment/developer/billiob,Boris Faure,barjavel.freenode.net
zmike,enlightenment/developer/discomfitor,lel,wilhelm.freenode.net
discomfitor,enlightenment/developer/discomfitor,asdf,tepper.freenode.net
Acn0w,kahlan.mapreri.org,Alessandro,niven.freenode.net
ubot-it,unaffiliated/twilight/bot/ubot-it,ubot-it,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
zerkalo,ny1.hashbang.sh,myricae,adams.freenode.net
mapreri,ubuntu/member/mapreri,Mattia Rizzolo,wolfe.freenode.net
Gwaihir,ubuntu/member/gwaihir,Milo Casagrande,barjavel.freenode.net
Dix78,unaffiliated/dix78,Diego Prioretti,tepper.freenode.net
norg,2001:41d0:a:2255::1,andi,adams.freenode.net
lessyv,unaffiliated/lessyv,lessyv,adams.freenode.net
kwork,unaffiliated/kwork,kwork,rajaniemi.freenode.net
regit,home.regit.org,Eric Leblond,wilhelm.freenode.net
samiux,unaffiliated/samiux,samiux,orwell.freenode.net
ldaps,ns309849.ip-91-121-210.eu,lds,adams.freenode.net
pevma,81-237-220-173-no91.tbcn.telia.com,purple,barjavel.freenode.net
VictorJ,a212-238-163-105.adsl.xs4all.nl,Victor Julien,wolfe.freenode.net
m0nky,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kdnazopnpgavrmyi,Bill John,adams.freenode.net
Crixus,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-rzcjiwgyeuznoelg,Using EliteBNC, I'm part of the elite!,wolfe.freenode.net
artifact,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eafqoygljvkgdjyw,question time,wolfe.freenode.net
twoxyo,2001:41d0:2:3db4::1,MyRealname :),wilhelm.freenode.net
outofbounds,unaffiliated/outofbounds,Out Of Bounds,verne.freenode.net
decanio,cpe-98-146-236-78.natnow.res.rr.com,purple,tepper.freenode.net
ish,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ivkcfwmqyvsjggko,Jason Ish,adams.freenode.net
ChanSeba,wikimedia/dominiol/bot/Sebastiaan,Sebastian Dominiolski,asimov.freenode.net
Nothing4You_,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
bearND|afk,wikimedia/bsitzmann-wmf,Bernd,sinisalo.freenode.net
mdholloway|afk,wikimedia/MHolloway-WMF,Michael Holloway,adams.freenode.net
CKoerner_WMF,wikimedia/CKoerner-WMF,Chris Koerner,wilhelm.freenode.net
WizJin,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-wdmakfakfpvvoiha,WizJin,karatkievich.freenode.net
floatingman,c-50-132-251-43.hsd1.tn.comcast.net,Nunya,card.freenode.net
doc_gonzo,ip5f596346.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,Dr. Gonzo,asimov.freenode.net
schlerp,unaffiliated/schlerp,schlerp,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Mastermind1,bitsofcode.net,Mastermind,orwell.freenode.net
thebest2017,ec2-52-25-28-2.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,The Best,niven.freenode.net
mxw_,frugalware/bot/mxw,yeah,weber.freenode.net
Nekrodes,26.75.71.37.rev.sfr.net,Nekrodes,asimov.freenode.net
gaetan__,195-154-242-30.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
boobaa,frugalware/developer/boobaa,CSECSY Laszlo,weber.freenode.net
vmiklos,catv-80-98-10-90.catv.broadband.hu,Miklos Vajna,tepper.freenode.net
Melko,frugalware/developer/melko,Melko,adams.freenode.net
DarkNekros,85-170-122-7.rev.numericable.fr,darknekros,tepper.freenode.net
ryu0,learnprogramming/regular/ryu0,James Buren,sinisalo.freenode.net
crazy,frugalware/developer/crazy,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
[melko],frugalware/developer/melko,Lord Fener,rajaniemi.freenode.net
irsol,unaffiliated/contempt,irsol,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
DeX77,dragonslave.de,Satanarcholygenialkohoellischerwunschpunsch,card.freenode.net
IroNiQ,unaffiliated/ironiq,Krisztian VASAS,orwell.freenode.net
pipedream,oystercatcher.aims.ac.za,Jan Groenewald,tepper.freenode.net
funnel,unaffiliated/espiral,funnel,hitchcock.freenode.net
igitoor,unaffiliated/contempt,igitur,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Peng_,unaffiliated/peng,Matt Nordhoff,rajaniemi.freenode.net
draynium,45.63.76.107,needs coffee,rajaniemi.freenode.net
clivejo,kde/community/clivej,Clive,adams.freenode.net
lamont,ubuntu/member/lamont,LaMont Jones,wolfe.freenode.net
jelmer,samba/team/jelmer,Jelmer Vernooij,niven.freenode.net
pavlushka,ubuntu/member/pavlushka,Pavel Sayekat,tepper.freenode.net
JanC,lugwv/member/JanC,Jan Claeys,wilhelm.freenode.net
commandoline,ubuntu/member/commandoline,Marten de Vries,card.freenode.net
mthaddon,nutcracker.vm.bytemark.co.uk,Tom Haddon,sinisalo.freenode.net
nhandler,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.nhandler,Nathan Handler,karatkievich.freenode.net
czchen,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ctdfnxvjtjpabvxx,ChangZhuo Chen,niven.freenode.net
anthonyf,192.34.213.162.lcy-01.canonistack.canonical.com,Anthony Fappiano,rajaniemi.freenode.net
daker,ubuntu/member/daker,Adnane,weber.freenode.net
rbasak,canonical/rbasak,Robie Basak,wilhelm.freenode.net
geser,ubuntu/member/geser,Michael Bienia,karatkievich.freenode.net
mpontillo,canonical/mpontillo,Mike Pontillo,wolfe.freenode.net
davmor2,cpc88265-wolv19-2-0-cust989.16-1.cable.virginm.net,Dave Morley,verne.freenode.net
sigmavirus,unaffiliated/sigmavirus24,Ian,hitchcock.freenode.net
hrybacki,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fljhslqotcxsjgwp,hrybacki,wilhelm.freenode.net
cmars,mail.cmars.tech,Casey Marshall,karatkievich.freenode.net
heroux,gateway/shell/insomnia247/x-zxtictulaeupvvxk,heroux,wilhelm.freenode.net
mgz,6.3.169.217.in-addr.arpa,Martin [GZ],niven.freenode.net
Noskcaj,ubuntu/member/noskcaj,Jackson Doak,niven.freenode.net
andyrock,ubuntu/member/andyrock,Andrea Azzarone,wilhelm.freenode.net
hggdh,ubuntu/member/hggdh,C de-Avillez,leguin.freenode.net
alexlist,bjoerk.list.priv.at,Alexander List,sinisalo.freenode.net
NikitaKonovalov,frostman.ru,Nikita Konovalov,wolfe.freenode.net
broder,ubuntu/member/broder,Evan Broder,adams.freenode.net
apw,ubuntu/member/apw,apw,barjavel.freenode.net
cory_fu,sourceforge/staff/cory,Cory Johns,,,,wolfe.freenode.net
bdmurray,vinyl.outflux.net,Brian,rajaniemi.freenode.net
karstensrage,unaffiliated/karstensrage,Karsten S. Rage,karatkievich.freenode.net
pbek,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/omegaq,Patrizio Bekerle,tepper.freenode.net
ackk,46.101.113.151,ack,wilhelm.freenode.net
camako,47.184.164.20,Cemil Azizoglu,karatkievich.freenode.net
chihchun_afk,218-161-0-222.HINET-IP.hinet.net,Rex Tsai,sinisalo.freenode.net
mpt,canonical/mpt,Matthew Paul Thomas,leguin.freenode.net
Logan,ubuntu/member/logan,Logan Rosen,wolfe.freenode.net
marcoceppi,ubuntu/member/marcoceppi,Marco Ceppi,sinisalo.freenode.net
psivaa,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ylyrghxtmmkmhaux,Para Siva,wolfe.freenode.net
DLange,about/linux/staff/dlange,Daniel Lange,orwell.freenode.net
ggherdov`__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kihzplutqrpubrwv,Giovanni Gherdovich,wolfe.freenode.net
tasdomas,base.keista.lt,Domas Monkus,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ddstreet,45-27-90-188.lightspeed.rlghnc.sbcglobal.net,Dan Streetman,barjavel.freenode.net
ubot5`,ubuntu/bot/ubot5,Ubuntu IRC Bot,karatkievich.freenode.net
verterok,156.35.213.162.lcy-02.canonistack.canonical.com,Guillermo Gonzalez,karatkievich.freenode.net
G,unaffiliated/g,Nigel Jones,adams.freenode.net
flexiondotorg,ubuntu/member/flexiondotorg,Martin Wimpress,karatkievich.freenode.net
Ribesg,ribesg.fr,Gael Ribes,karatkievich.freenode.net
maxb,jabberwock.vm.bytemark.co.uk,Max Bowsher,hitchcock.freenode.net
ulkesh_,107.170.45.219,Ulkesh,niven.freenode.net
om26er,ubuntu/member/om26er,Omer Akram,card.freenode.net
Saviq,canonical/saviq,Michał Sawicz,barjavel.freenode.net
Vorpal,unaffiliated/vorpal,Vorpal,barjavel.freenode.net
kyrofa,157.35.213.162.lcy-02.canonistack.canonical.com,Kyle Fazzari,card.freenode.net
elijah,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gohrykoczswvdhrj,Elijah Lynn,wolfe.freenode.net
Flow86,www.siedler25.org,Flow86,leguin.freenode.net
bladernr`,65.93.189.91.lcy-01.canonistack.canonical.com,Jeff Lane,wolfe.freenode.net
Tristitia,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,One with Darkness,sinisalo.freenode.net
caraka,118.148.125.132,caraka,hitchcock.freenode.net
aendrew,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gxtqnqfdpshxjbbm,Ændrew Rininsland,adams.freenode.net
dasjoe,americangirlscouts.org,dasjoe,karatkievich.freenode.net
dupondje,artemis.dupie.be,Jean-Louis Dupond,niven.freenode.net
vila,lec67-4-82-230-53-244.fbx.proxad.net,Vincent Ladeuil,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jose,ubuntu/member/jose,José Antonio Rey,orwell.freenode.net
DaGardner,unaffiliated/dagardner,DaGardner,card.freenode.net
xnox,ubuntu/member/xnox,Dimitri John Ledkov,hobana.freenode.net
glebihan,unaffiliated/glebihan,glebihan,tepper.freenode.net
yofel,ubuntu/member/yofel,Philip Muskovac,niven.freenode.net
L235,wikipedia/fsf.member.Lixxx235,Kevin ([[en:User:L235]]),wilhelm.freenode.net
gaughen,c-76-27-219-145.hsd1.or.comcast.net,Gaughen,sinisalo.freenode.net
Baqar,202.69.61.60,Bilal Baqar,barjavel.freenode.net
persia,unaffiliated/persia,Emmet Hikory,asimov.freenode.net
meena,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::1aef:a001,Ina Marlov,sinisalo.freenode.net
coreycb,104.236.15.58,Corey Bryant,verne.freenode.net
hyperair,ubuntu/member/hyperair,Chow Loong Jin - 0x588752A1,roddenberry.freenode.net
vidplace7,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kdegbaljbplgpxld,vid,wolfe.freenode.net
grumble,freenode/staff/grumble,grumble,sinisalo.freenode.net
mdeslaur,ubuntu/member/mdeslaur,Marc Deslauriers,card.freenode.net
sakrecoer,basspistol/sakrecoer,Set Sakrecoer,wolfe.freenode.net
ahoneybun,ubuntu/member/ahoneybun,Aaron Honeycutt,weber.freenode.net
ajmitch,ubuntu/member/ajmitch,Andrew Mitchell,karatkievich.freenode.net
Lloyd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mrtfxyhvncjuauyl,Lloyd,adams.freenode.net
mancdaz,2a00:1a48:7806:117:be76:4eff:fe08:7623,Darren Birkett,niven.freenode.net
newell,198.199.64.42,newell,wilhelm.freenode.net
icey,canonical/icey,Chris MacNaughton,wolfe.freenode.net
nottrobin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zfwwqnsgcohmvcgb,Robin Winslow,wilhelm.freenode.net
shadeslayer,kde/garg,Rohan Garg,verne.freenode.net
yena,fsf/member/yena,Secret,wilhelm.freenode.net
anteaya,tatooine.princessleia.com,anteaya,karatkievich.freenode.net
joey,canonical/pdpc.professional.joey,Joey Stanford,wilhelm.freenode.net
larsks,unaffiliated/larsks,larsks,card.freenode.net
cjwatson,chiark.greenend.org.uk,Colin Watson,weber.freenode.net
PaulW2U,ubuntu/member/paulw2u,Paul White,tepper.freenode.net
benjaoming,37.139.19.237,Benjamin Bach,karatkievich.freenode.net
jschwarz,nat/redhat/x-egbwnkiuehbcekds,John Schwarz,barjavel.freenode.net
ulkesh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hpmohvqkcniyopel,Ulkesh,wilhelm.freenode.net
djinni,68.ip-149-56-14.net,djinni,karatkievich.freenode.net
rmk,unaffiliated/rmk,Rafi Khardalian,card.freenode.net
caribou,ubuntu/member/caribou,Louis Bouchard,,,,orwell.freenode.net
TRB143,openlp/developer/trb143,Tim Bentley,adams.freenode.net
stub,canonical/launchpad/stub,Stuart Bishop,card.freenode.net
mwhudson,canonical/mwhudson,Michael Hudson-Doyle,asimov.freenode.net
smoser,d192-24-22-15.try.wideopenwest.com,Scott Moser,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
dobey,pool-108-39-67-87.nrflva.fios.verizon.net,Rodney Dawes,karatkievich.freenode.net
jgdx,canonical/jgdx,jgdx,karatkievich.freenode.net
posi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-skpxkoeoowbdusda,posi,leguin.freenode.net
lfaraone,wikimedia/LFaraone,Luke Faraone,sinisalo.freenode.net
DalekSec,ubuntu/member/unit193,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
elmo,nat/canonical/x-pgmnvldwbzmoxfoe,James Troup,asimov.freenode.net
gpo,104.131.170.143,gpo,asimov.freenode.net
gkadam,125.16.97.118,Ganesh Kadam,weber.freenode.net
lifeless,122-57-100-209.jetstream.xtra.co.nz,Robert Collins,adams.freenode.net
wxl,linuxpadawan/master/wxl,http://polka.bike,adams.freenode.net
Peng,unaffiliated/peng,Matt Nordhoff,barjavel.freenode.net
askhl,jormungandr.sq.ehu.es,Ask Hjorth Larsen,weber.freenode.net
sarnold,174-25-135-38.ptld.qwest.net,Seth Arnold,wilhelm.freenode.net
FourDollars,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rlozbjuaorgibpqr,Shih-Yuan Lee,wilhelm.freenode.net
Ursinha,ubuntu/member/ursinha,Ursula Junque,adams.freenode.net
rvba,unaffiliated/rvba,rvba,card.freenode.net
acheronuk,ubuntu/member/acheronuk,Rik,adams.freenode.net
tsimonq2,ubuntu/member/tsimonq2,Simon Quigley,karatkievich.freenode.net
jefferai,kde/mitchell,Jeff Mitchell,barjavel.freenode.net
md_5,mcdevs/trusted/md-5,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
cyphermox,ubuntu/member/pdpc.supporter.active.cyphermox,Matt Trudel,wilhelm.freenode.net
glebihan_,unaffiliated/glebihan,glebihan,niven.freenode.net
zeestrat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fggwmozbmjtlmihh,Sandor,wilhelm.freenode.net
thomi,ubuntu/member/thomi,Thomi Richards,adams.freenode.net
MissionCritical,unaffiliated/missioncritical,Mission Critical,weber.freenode.net
hloeung,canonical/hloeung,Haw Loeung,sinisalo.freenode.net
dandan86,2a02:2788:1014:1344:1471:671f:4fa1:2bfa,Daniel Domodossola,niven.freenode.net
TLE,192.38.89.54,Kenneth Nielsen,leguin.freenode.net
tintou,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xdzbgxrqdobbtgdt,Corentin Noël,niven.freenode.net
StevenK,mangled.wedontsleep.org,Steve Kowalik,wolfe.freenode.net
mitya57,ubuntu/member/mitya57,Dmitry Shachnev,niven.freenode.net
pjdc,unaffiliated/pjdc,Paul Collins,wolfe.freenode.net
jamesh,canonical/launchpad/jamesh,James Henstridge,card.freenode.net
HenryG,180.ip-158-69-198.net,Henry Gessau,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pleia2,your.worshipfulness.princessleia.com,Elizabeth K. Joseph,niven.freenode.net
nickoe,5b96fc67.rev.stofanet.dk,nickoe,tepper.freenode.net
teward,ubuntu/member/teward,Thomas Ward,wolfe.freenode.net
ubot9,ubuntu/bot/ubot93,Ubuntu OP's bot.,weber.freenode.net
pkern,hub.kern.lc,Philipp Kern,wilhelm.freenode.net
Odd_Bloke,178.62.30.74,daniel,wolfe.freenode.net
axino,unaffiliated/axino,axino,asimov.freenode.net
lexAngeles,ec2-52-90-90-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Lex Angeles,card.freenode.net
tacocat,unaffiliated/glolol,James,wilhelm.freenode.net
me4oslav,ubuntu/member/me4oslav,George Karavasilev,hitchcock.freenode.net
ahasenack,33.93.189.91.lcy-02.canonistack.canonical.com,Andreas Hasenack,card.freenode.net
HeOS,83.139.147.21,Andrey Nikitin,card.freenode.net
mapreri,ubuntu/member/mapreri,Mattia Rizzolo,wolfe.freenode.net
cprov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pqxidwkddwzakxiq,Celso Providelo,weber.freenode.net
tolecnal,france.xiro.net,Old Grumpy Fart,rajaniemi.freenode.net
wgrant,ubuntu/member/wgrant,wgrant,barjavel.freenode.net
estan,90-231-138-16-no13.tbcn.telia.com,Elvis Stansvik,orwell.freenode.net
demonimin,unaffiliated/demonimin,demonimin,karatkievich.freenode.net
tgm4883,ubuntu/member/tgm4883,Thomas Mashos,karatkievich.freenode.net
nesthib,unaffiliated/nesthib,nesthib,barjavel.freenode.net
ubuntulog,ubuntu/bot/ubuntulog,log bot:: contact rt@ubuntu.com,adams.freenode.net
bearclaw,ks3283774.kimsufi.com,bearclaw,niven.freenode.net
ensonic,ipbcc14b63.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,Stefan Sauer,weber.freenode.net
TinoDidriksen,tinodidriksen.com,Tino Didriksen,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
elelay,163.172.180.119,Eric Le Lay,leguin.freenode.net
Vampire0_,jEdit/Vampire,Vampire,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
jfroche,euclide.affinitic.be,Jeff,wolfe.freenode.net
Sapphirus,chunkylynx.azorium.net,Sapphirus,weber.freenode.net
cube-_-,unaffiliated/cube---/x-9825553,cube,asimov.freenode.net
sfix,unaffiliated/sfix,Gary Tierney,asimov.freenode.net
shiver,unaffiliated/shiver32,shiver,barjavel.freenode.net
grahamedgecombe,rictusempra.grahamedgecombe.com,Graham Edgecombe,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
krobertson,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pmnooisbepwuuzbv,Ken Robertson,karatkievich.freenode.net
shr3kst3r_,ec2-54-147-125-129.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Dennis,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
pyrusphantez,87-231-11-66.rev.numericable.fr,I am a bot.,verne.freenode.net
kaboomphantez,89.100.35.202,pyaib 2.1.0,barjavel.freenode.net
phantez,87-231-11-66.rev.numericable.fr,Stephan Gorget,orwell.freenode.net
remix_tj,bonatti.remixtj.net,remix_tj,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Uninstall,kde/developer/bettio,Davide Bettio,,,,adams.freenode.net
wsmoak,apache/committer/wsmoak,Wendy Smoak,wilhelm.freenode.net
stnly,128.199.82.216,stnly,card.freenode.net
asonge,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pdxpygooajfwnrvt,Alexander Songe,wolfe.freenode.net
larshesel,unaffiliated/larshesel,Lars Hesel Christensen,verne.freenode.net
gausby,2a00:16d8:2:300:216:eff:fe44:704b,Martin G,wilhelm.freenode.net
Speed`,mistry.tech,Shivam Mistry,card.freenode.net
yukibot,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fee4:c7d5,yukibot,niven.freenode.net
Nondeterminism,show-that-the-halting-problem-is-undecidable-by-reducing-mp.xyz,icydoge,wolfe.freenode.net
for5aken_,144.202.228.211,for5aken,roddenberry.freenode.net
bjs,2001:41c9:1:41c::229,Ben Simner,wilhelm.freenode.net
Alfie275,labcoat.xyz,Alfred Norton,leguin.freenode.net
frogba,runciman.hacksoc.org,frogba,adams.freenode.net
mpod,runciman.hacksoc.org,mpod,niven.freenode.net
PfoD,runciman.hacksoc.org,PfoD,wolfe.freenode.net
sdhand,unaffiliated/kyubiko,sdhand,adams.freenode.net
LordAro,runciman.hacksoc.org,CharlesP,barjavel.freenode.net
Taneb,runciman.hacksoc.org,Nathan van Doorn,wilhelm.freenode.net
hayashi,fsf/member/hayashi,Captain Hayashi, Rokkaku Police,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
icydoge,unaffiliated/icydoge,icydoge,karatkievich.freenode.net
Theowning,unaffiliated/theowning,Theowning,card.freenode.net
VossV2,dicgaming.net,None,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
norotartagen,71-89-76-184.dhcp.bycy.mi.charter.com,www.aoeu2code.com,tepper.freenode.net
Boney,ppp118-209-129-111.lns20.mel8.internode.on.net,Paul Bone,orwell.freenode.net
relrod,redhat/relrod,rickymain,asimov.freenode.net
evax,patcher2.evax.fr,Evax Software,asimov.freenode.net
hakvroot,188.226.218.224,hakvoort,niven.freenode.net
c74d,ip68-4-115-26.oc.oc.cox.net,c74d3a4ebb6689190fe11290227c5f9e630029fa024425034b,rajaniemi.freenode.net
virkony,host-176-37-46-246.la.net.ua,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
si14,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ektiwlrlyrcqmutp,Dmitry Groshev,wilhelm.freenode.net
mankyKitty,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ptzkdishdnalmfkq,Sean,wilhelm.freenode.net
dmiles,c-24-20-102-245.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,...,adams.freenode.net
ski,remote11.chalmers.se,Stefan Ljungstrand,weber.freenode.net
shoup,45.63.76.107,Slick,leguin.freenode.net
dustinm`,149.56.14.68,dustinm,wolfe.freenode.net
saidelike,2001:41d0:1:e240::1,saidelike,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
crough,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yrmzmehaagzenmnn,Alex Feldman-Crough,wolfe.freenode.net
FlyingJester,2602:306:31c4:2820::3e9,Zenith,wolfe.freenode.net
Beornwulf,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bzbbruqzcoednetf,Kay Sharrock,card.freenode.net
pecan,li904-82.members.linode.com,Peter C,tepper.freenode.net
CcxWrk,asterix.te2000.cz,('.'),tepper.freenode.net
Celelibi,23.247.85.79.rev.sfr.net,Alors, il est beau mon whois ?,sinisalo.freenode.net
joeytwiddle,162.243.115.31,Joey Twiddle,asimov.freenode.net
joneshf-laptop,c-73-220-86-28.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Hardy Jones,niven.freenode.net
qu1j0t3,kvm5.telegraphics.com.au,FurnaceBoy,orwell.freenode.net
amuck,irc.harug.com,amuck,wilhelm.freenode.net
exio4,unaffiliated/hacker,exio4,adams.freenode.net
rodgort,68.ip-149-56-14.net,rodgort,card.freenode.net
blddk,unaffiliated/blddk,captain-slow.dk,card.freenode.net
Chank,unaffiliated/chankster,Chankster,adams.freenode.net
Skogula_Home,216-211-49-194.dynamic.tbaytel.net,Skogula_Home,adams.freenode.net
kthx,67-71-ftth.on.nl,kthx :http://drupal.org/project/bot,hitchcock.freenode.net
Maikel,rapidscat.tiny-host.nl,Maikel van Leeuwen,niven.freenode.net
Cybertinus,cybertinus.customer.cloud.nl,Cybertinus,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
K2,c-24-2-155-198.hsd1.vt.comcast.net,*,wolfe.freenode.net
Pinobot,necrofantasy.trankesbel.com,Pinobot,niven.freenode.net
Menche,gateway/tor-sasl/menche,Menche the Turtle,zelazny.freenode.net
bhaak,84-74-155-133.dclient.hispeed.ch,Patric Mueller,orwell.freenode.net
RousseauWine,znc.dank.ninja,https://xd.cm/,niven.freenode.net
Lorskel,185.29.84.12,whydoyouwantmyfullname,barjavel.freenode.net
khoR,znc.dank.ninja,khor,adams.freenode.net
tangles\splat,123-243-209-87.static.tpgi.com.au,Tangles,verne.freenode.net
Lors-Kel,185.29.84.12,whydoyouwantmyfullname,karatkievich.freenode.net
APic,apic.name,A. Pic. - my name since YOLD 3149,card.freenode.net
SibrekExuus,178.62.19.205,SibrekExuus,sinisalo.freenode.net
Athame,znc.dank.ninja,https://nethack.dank.ninja/,adams.freenode.net
eady,cgi.galion.lib.oh.us,Nathan Eady,hitchcock.freenode.net
tungtn,znc.dank.ninja,tungtn,niven.freenode.net
Adeon,necrofantasy.trankesbel.com,muskotit,tepper.freenode.net
Chris_ANG,znc.dank.ninja,chris,niven.freenode.net
GoldenIvy,znc.dank.ninja,...,niven.freenode.net
Leissi,85-76-35-89-nat.elisa-mobile.fi,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
dtype,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-stzfcbyaomenfsfx,Drew Streib,adams.freenode.net
kerio,bad.memes.vs.dank.ninja,Edoardo Spadolini,niven.freenode.net
FIQ,prgmr/customer/fiq,Fredrik Ljungdahl,weber.freenode.net
elenmirie\splat,cust98-dsl91-135-0.idnet.net,T. Petroff,sinisalo.freenode.net
Grasshopper_,110.78.172.113,realname,asimov.freenode.net
Elronnd,znc.dank.ninja,Elronnd,niven.freenode.net
mal``,68.ip-149-56-14.net,mal``,rajaniemi.freenode.net
noty,ip184-176-95-238.ph.ph.cox.net,realname,niven.freenode.net
jonadab,cpe-75-185-35-110.columbus.res.rr.com,Nathan Eady,karatkievich.freenode.net
NCommander,ubuntu/member/ncommander,Michael Casadevall,wolfe.freenode.net
Duke-,znc.dank.ninja,duke,adams.freenode.net
Muad\mod,taimen.sr2.fi,Ruben Salonen,hitchcock.freenode.net
jiggawattz,w0000.net,j. iggawattz,orwell.freenode.net
Soviet5lo,znc.dank.ninja,soviet,adams.freenode.net
Khol,unaffiliated/khol,khol,tepper.freenode.net
deepy,wrongplanet/deepa,deepy,niven.freenode.net
hackedhead,unaffiliated/hackedhead,hackedhead,weber.freenode.net
sdumitriu,192.75.158.166,Sergiu,wolfe.freenode.net
ansuz,li778-163.members.linode.com,ansuz,orwell.freenode.net
systemd,2604:a880:800:a1::24:7001,systemd,sinisalo.freenode.net
daemoen,184.164.131.195,Marc Mercer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
meatcar,unaffiliated/meatcar,Denys Pavlov,orwell.freenode.net
martinus__,111.239.24.109.rev.sfr.net,Got ZNC?,leguin.freenode.net
lukevers,2604:a880:800:a1::24:7001,Luke Evers,wolfe.freenode.net
Aranjedeath,unaffiliated/aranjedeath,Aranjedeath,wolfe.freenode.net
sdumitriu1,CPE84948c8afd31-CM84948c8afd30.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,Sergiu Dumitriu,adams.freenode.net
xwikibot,ssh.xwiki.org,PircBotX 1.6, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bot,adams.freenode.net
boubou,unaffiliated/boubou,boubou,wilhelm.freenode.net
tillo,pentoo/developer/tillo,Martino Dell'Ambrogio,card.freenode.net
woshilapin,c-107-5-24-212.hsd1.mi.comcast.net,woshilapin,karatkievich.freenode.net
Signum,debian/developer/pdpc.active.haas,Christoph Haas,card.freenode.net
sagarhani,fedora/sagarhani,sagarhani,leguin.freenode.net
fcharton,fca.academic.cergy.eisti.fr,fcharton,barjavel.freenode.net
D-Spair,unaffiliated/dspair,Deven Phillips,hitchcock.freenode.net
sorinello,unaffiliated/sorinello,sorinello@Battlestar,wolfe.freenode.net
[d__d],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lynxt,31.3.135.237,lynxt,wilhelm.freenode.net
zzeroo,pd95c2bb7.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,zzeroo systems,karatkievich.freenode.net
moep,unaffiliated/marcules,marc,niven.freenode.net
Trefex,2a01:4a0:44:118::2,Trefex,niven.freenode.net
ndut2,unaffiliated/skraito-0x71,unknown,weber.freenode.net
Trinity,unaffiliated/trinity,Trinity,sinisalo.freenode.net
pez,unaffiliated/pez,pez pez pez,adams.freenode.net
serafincpd,gateway/tor-sasl/serafincpd,root,zelazny.freenode.net
peaches,unaffiliated/mspeaches,peaches,wolfe.freenode.net
dionysus69,unaffiliated/dionysus69,dionysus69,card.freenode.net
BlackFox,ip-6317.proline.net.ua,Remote,leguin.freenode.net
MarcusVinter-Out,unaffiliated/marcusvinter,Marcus Vinter,niven.freenode.net
Gustavo6046,unaffiliated/gustavo6046,Gustavo Ramos Rehermann,asimov.freenode.net
Karethoth,89.33.6.195,Karet,hitchcock.freenode.net
lithiumpt,6530.hostserv.eu,How much difference does it make?,verne.freenode.net
elky,ubuntu/member/pdpc.professional.elky,elky,wilhelm.freenode.net
impulse,bas1-orangeville23-184-147-20-163.dsl.bell.ca,nope,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Geographer,19.ip-91-134-133.eu,Geographer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
paule32,2a00:c1a0:8502:e300:12c9:2201:1:1,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
Quiark_,058176068032.ctinets.com,Quiark,wilhelm.freenode.net
Xerol,pool-96-244-254-56.bltmmd.fios.verizon.net,Xerol Oplan,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
h00die,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mizpyixrkygtgfkd,Brandon L Hood,wilhelm.freenode.net
Kooda,natsu.upyum.com,an otter,karatkievich.freenode.net
frinnst,unaffiliated/frinnst,.,tepper.freenode.net
Workster,unaffiliated/romster,realname,card.freenode.net
pips,4aa54-1-81-56-0-180.fbx.proxad.net,pips,rajaniemi.freenode.net
snux,net-93-149-188-21.cust.vodafonedsl.it,snux,niven.freenode.net
blueness,gentoo/developer/blueness,Anthony G. Basile,barjavel.freenode.net
dlcusa,pool-108-18-200-195.washdc.fios.verizon.net,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
cruxbot,mail.crux.nu,cruxbot,barjavel.freenode.net
tilman,xmms2/developer/tilman,Tilman Sauerbeck,sinisalo.freenode.net
druid_droid,bl15-176-36.dsl.telepac.pt,Druid Droid,wolfe.freenode.net
jdolan,2001:4800:7817:101:be76:4eff:fe05:2412,Jay Dolan,wilhelm.freenode.net
frinnst2,femputer.planet-express.se,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
sonophilia,69.172.152.234,Unknown,niven.freenode.net
john_cephalopoda,unaffiliated/john-minetest/x-5335115,john,tepper.freenode.net
espiegle,zak.radionova.no,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
leetspete1,cpe-172-113-33-131.socal.res.rr.com,leetspete1,leguin.freenode.net
nogagplz_,202-159-169-2.dyn.iinet.net.au,nogagplz,hitchcock.freenode.net
Romster,unaffiliated/romster,abcdef,adams.freenode.net
joacim,cm-84.214.234.57.getinternet.no,joacim,adams.freenode.net
rauz,enieslobby.rauecker.at,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
heroux,gateway/shell/insomnia247/x-zxtictulaeupvvxk,heroux,wilhelm.freenode.net
pekka10,cm-84.210.7.5.getinternet.no,pekka,wilhelm.freenode.net
pez,unaffiliated/pez,pez pez pez,adams.freenode.net
lounge,cpe-92-37-13-219.dynamic.amis.net,lounge,tepper.freenode.net
chris2,vuxu.org,Christian Neukirchen,niven.freenode.net
fnords,158.36.190.167,zlj,wolfe.freenode.net
mavrick61,213.132.111.1,mavrick61,karatkievich.freenode.net
darfo,static-173-212-158-60.ptr.terago.net,unaffiliated,orwell.freenode.net
onodera,camille.xs4all.nl,Camille,orwell.freenode.net
abenz,unaffiliated/abenz,Ash Benz,wolfe.freenode.net
ubuuu,91.101.8.112.generic-hostname.arrownet.dk,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
vlnx,162.222.55.119,NIL,card.freenode.net
Stealth,sourcemage/archon/stealth,V,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nwe,sigwait.se,nwe,verne.freenode.net
paradigm,osuosc/paradigm,paradigm,adams.freenode.net
irclogger_do,vz1.shortcircuit.net.au,irclogger_do on 3007ea3723b8 using circuits/3.1.0,asimov.freenode.net
spcwlz,c-73-109-85-157.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,spcwlz,weber.freenode.net
dbrooke,gresley.dbrooke.me.uk,David Brooke,sinisalo.freenode.net
teK__,serverop.de,present,weber.freenode.net
groovy2shoes,unaffiliated/groovebot,cory,karatkievich.freenode.net
blueness_,gentoo/developer/blueness,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
plow,unaffiliated/plow,plow,wolfe.freenode.net
darthlukan,fsf/member/darthlukan,Brian Tomlinson,weber.freenode.net
wildefyr,unaffiliated/fireblasto,<Insert Here>,niven.freenode.net
ryu0,learnprogramming/regular/ryu0,James Buren,sinisalo.freenode.net
kInOzAwA,linuxforum/member/kInOzAwA,b7d2e3c01670a39688ae6dd2c99867bd,asimov.freenode.net
fengshaun,unaffiliated/fengshaun,fengshaun,card.freenode.net
retard,zak.radionova.no,tom,wolfe.freenode.net
pedja,77-46-233-10.dynamic.isp.telekom.rs,Predrag Ivanović,rajaniemi.freenode.net
SiFuh,115.187.139.142,SiFuh,wilhelm.freenode.net
maraku,unaffiliated/maraku,Who?,niven.freenode.net
][_R_][,node-1w7jra26ntvy16aoepgj82ta3.ipv6.telus.net,Faym F,karatkievich.freenode.net
rmull,nooperation.org,Ryan Mullen,barjavel.freenode.net
admincomplex,unaffiliated/admincomplex,admincomplex,wolfe.freenode.net
orbea,unaffiliated/orbea,orbea,asimov.freenode.net
ileach,cpe90-146-232-71.liwest.at,.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jaeger,crux.ninja,jaeger,asimov.freenode.net
emmett1,swz-170-74.tm.net.my,realname,verne.freenode.net
erdic,unaffiliated/motley,erdic,wilhelm.freenode.net
brian|lfs,pool-108-48-174-177.washdc.fios.verizon.net,realname,leguin.freenode.net
pejman,unaffiliated/pejman,Pejman Moghadam,wilhelm.freenode.net
pitillo,4.ip-37-187-52.eu,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
jue,pdpc/supporter/active/jue,Juergen Daubert,karatkievich.freenode.net
crash_,81-224-101-125-no186.bredband.skanova.com,pi,sinisalo.freenode.net
DaViruz,c83-253-200-159.bredband.comhem.se,pelle pasutt,asimov.freenode.net
bedis,62-210-208-230.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Baptiste Assmann,leguin.freenode.net
artart78,unaffiliated/artart78,artart78,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
nelnire,unaffiliated/nelnire,Nelnire,barjavel.freenode.net
dmz,unaffiliated/dmz,David M. Zendzian,weber.freenode.net
arunpyasi,gateway/shell/hiyabnc/x-momuflepkicnvalj,arunpyasi,barjavel.freenode.net
jthunder,S010640167eeb5b40.ed.shawcable.net,jthunder,orwell.freenode.net
pello,unaffiliated/pello,pello,karatkievich.freenode.net
saneki,dedi.zylongaming.com,saneki,card.freenode.net
gadams,unaffiliated/gadams,G.A.,asimov.freenode.net
johnzimm,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tzzgddqprnnpbmrd,j.zimmerman,wilhelm.freenode.net
jekil,nino.lonerunners.net,jekil,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
AphelionZ,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-brnaogvxwzhyvmzu,AphelionZ,sinisalo.freenode.net
hpprinter100,unaffiliated/hpprinter100,clickme.exe,orwell.freenode.net
nicolasbadia_,hue38-1-78-209-78-115.fbx.proxad.net,Nicolas BADIA,orwell.freenode.net
mauritslamers,panagronewton.xs4all.nl,Maurits Lamers,wolfe.freenode.net
sproutbot`,2001:981:f2f1:1:1e98:ecff:fe0f:54a0,Supybot 0.83.4.1,karatkievich.freenode.net
jbossbot,redhat/jbossbot,JBossBot,roddenberry.freenode.net
yosafbridge,68.ip-149-56-14.net,yosafbridge,orwell.freenode.net
xiaoli,54.153.84.50,Xiaoli Tian,wolfe.freenode.net
gastaldi,redhat/jboss/gastaldi,gastaldi,karatkievich.freenode.net
davidmichaelkarr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tezyzlnokywfggux,David M. Karr,adams.freenode.net
maxandersen,redhat/jboss/maxandersen,Max Rydahl Andersen,wolfe.freenode.net
odin_,2a01:348:261:32:21f:c6ff:fe9b:9b34,Odin,adams.freenode.net
sgilda,2602:306:83be:e890::41,Sande Gilda,rajaniemi.freenode.net
strykerawb,redhat/jboss/rawblem,rob,tepper.freenode.net
mistria,gie38-2-88-180-142-186.fbx.proxad.net,mistria,adams.freenode.net
phantomjinx,2001:8b0:1103:6ed7:ffff::5,Paul Richardson,adams.freenode.net
jbott,nat/redhat/x-mckrkgwbemvqdeds,maxandersen slave,kornbluth.freenode.net
amisevsk,38.104.156.250,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
nicoulaj,2a01:cb15:8281:8a00:d349:122f:d366:b85b,Julien Nicoulaud,adams.freenode.net
echelog-1,108.61.103.42,echelog-1,karatkievich.freenode.net
nickboldt,redhat/jboss/nickboldt,Nick Boldt,hitchcock.freenode.net
jsightler,redhat/jboss/jsightler,realname,orwell.freenode.net
nshaikh,125.16.97.122,Navid Shaikh,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
plarsen,redhat/jboss/pdpc.professional.plarsen,Peter Larsen,tepper.freenode.net
thekingofbandit,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-woowpywkqqdjanor,thekingofbandit,rajaniemi.freenode.net
albatuni-,cakep.a.biz.tm,albatuni,adams.freenode.net
M_A_Y_A_T,2001:470:8c8d:b38::1,Deddy S.T Pardede, SH. *,wolfe.freenode.net
gospi,dosa.ga,menurut lo ?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
freenude,streaming.kotabaturadio.com,freenude,card.freenode.net
LuckySavage,c-24-21-144-151.hsd1.or.comcast.net,Savage,niven.freenode.net
APic,apic.name,A. Pic. - my name since YOLD 3149,card.freenode.net
dez,fedora/deSouza,realname,adams.freenode.net
hiro_p,unaffiliated/hiro-p/x-3221518,Hiro Protagonist,niven.freenode.net
barcelona1937,unaffiliated/barcelona1937,dkskd,niven.freenode.net
nortti,ayu.smar.moe,Juhani Haverinen,asimov.freenode.net
manta666,trivialand/guesser/rotta666,brownies,karatkievich.freenode.net
roschmyr,93.228.126.184,roschmyr,hitchcock.freenode.net
DrB,kabeljau.schwarzes.net,Andreas Schwarz,sinisalo.freenode.net
PegaYenzi,p5DDFF6A4.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Pegazosse,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
_Kronos_,p5DC5E632.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,wersonst,wilhelm.freenode.net
sh4,unaffiliated/sh4,sh4,rajaniemi.freenode.net
shanemhansen,147.75.203.181,Shane Hansen,adams.freenode.net
supermike_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wpnfpzmcxsahoqrn,Mike D.,tepper.freenode.net
egon,nemesis.egontech.com,James Downs,wilhelm.freenode.net
zengchen,119.145.15.121,realname,leguin.freenode.net
epheo,ns326280.ip-91-121-67.eu,Thibaut Lapierre,orwell.freenode.net
timothyb89,208.94.241.195,Tim Buckley,karatkievich.freenode.net
yuval,bzq-79-181-126-239.red.bezeqint.net,yuval,barjavel.freenode.net
xiangxinyong,119.145.15.121,realname,asimov.freenode.net
grumpycatt,31.187.71.152,radius,barjavel.freenode.net
DuncanT,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cwojdxmmzbjvjshv,Duncan Thomas,wilhelm.freenode.net
dmellado,nat/redhat/x-chhbmhucaiwfeevi,dmellado,barjavel.freenode.net
m3m0_,178.62.34.179,Memo Garcia,barjavel.freenode.net
v12aml,bnc.v12aml.ru,Denis,weber.freenode.net
AndyWojo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ongealbblahdgfsk,Andy Wojnarek,wilhelm.freenode.net
raliev,91.207.132.67,raliev,verne.freenode.net
jokke_,unaffiliated/jokke/x-6281767,Erno Kuvaja,sinisalo.freenode.net
yangyape_,117.13.168.114,yangyapeng,asimov.freenode.net
slashme,104.40.208.116,slashme,karatkievich.freenode.net
smekel_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nalscvifovyamcth,shaun smekel,weber.freenode.net
saggi,bzq-79-181-126-239.red.bezeqint.net,purple,tepper.freenode.net
szaher,sdcwebcache4-z.emea.hpecore.net,Saad Zaher,tepper.freenode.net
openstack,openstack/openstack,openstack,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
haplo37_,192.207.60.121,haplo37,wilhelm.freenode.net
clsacramento,15.203.169.111,Cynthia,karatkievich.freenode.net
openstackgerrit,review.openstack.org,openstackgerrit,card.freenode.net
ericbmerritt_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-frqckqlrlpjksxda,Eric Merritt,adams.freenode.net
diginux,104.236.174.41,diginux,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jaydoane,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mezxlxkngaibyrlo,Jay Doane,wolfe.freenode.net
joedevivo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zwzrhwmddlazlqye,Joe DeVivo,wilhelm.freenode.net
jaym,104.236.174.41,jaym,hitchcock.freenode.net
tristan__,104.236.174.41,tristan,weber.freenode.net
Guest71678,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-caqcfqprpdrtzrsm,Martin Schürrer,weber.freenode.net
Elitre,wikimedia/Elitre,Elitre,wilhelm.freenode.net
addshore,wikimedia/addshore,addshore,wolfe.freenode.net
abartov,wikimedia/Ijon,Asaf Bartov,card.freenode.net
chappie-san,95.175.104.103,Hannu Venesper�,wilhelm.freenode.net
Tobi_WMDE_SW_NA,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mmducshsgzalhqzu,Tobi G.,wilhelm.freenode.net
danmichaelo,wikipedia/Danmichaelo,danmichaelo,adams.freenode.net
abian,wikimedia/abian,David Abián,adams.freenode.net
revi,wikimedia/-revi,revi - https://revi.xyz,adams.freenode.net
Lydia_WMDE,wikidata/Lydia-Pintscher-WMDE,Lydia Pintscher,adams.freenode.net
mutante,wikimedia/mutante,mutante,adams.freenode.net
Steinsplitter,wikimedia/Steinsplitter,Steinsplitter,adams.freenode.net
Sagan,tnb/staff/Luke081515,Luke,wolfe.freenode.net
nyuszika7h,lykos/dev/nyuszika7h,nyuszika7h,verne.freenode.net
heinrich5991,unaffiliated/heinrich5991,heinrich5991,rajaniemi.freenode.net
AlexZ,wikimedia/Az1568,Alex Z,barjavel.freenode.net
Waggie,wikipedia/Waggie,Waggie,verne.freenode.net
GPHemsley,pdpc/supporter/student/GPHemsley,Gordon P. Hemsley,rajaniemi.freenode.net
brion,wikipedia/pdpc.professional.brion,Brion Vibber,weber.freenode.net
tommorris,wikimedia/Tom-Morris,Tom Morris,wolfe.freenode.net
WikidataFacts,2a02:8071:2e8a:4b00:227b:8b8c:8ad:fb82,nice try ;-),adams.freenode.net
egonw,4dae3afc.ftth.telfortglasvezel.nl,egon,orwell.freenode.net
Swant,freenode/staff/ikea,IKEA,odin.freenode.net
Josve05a,wikipedia/Josve05a,Jonatan Svensson Glad,wolfe.freenode.net
bd808,wikimedia/BDavis-WMF,Bryan Davis,leguin.freenode.net
Stryn,wikipedia/Stryn,New Now Know How,tepper.freenode.net
Reedy,wikimedia/pdpc.active.reedy,Reedy,hitchcock.freenode.net
sjoerddebruin,wikimedia/sjoerddebruin,Sjoerd de Bruin,wilhelm.freenode.net
badon,pdpc/supporter/active/badon,badon,wolfe.freenode.net
Glaisher,wikimedia/Glaisher,Glaisher,karatkievich.freenode.net
legoktm,wikipedia/Legoktm,legoktm,karatkievich.freenode.net
Nemo_bis,wikimedia/Nemo-bis,Federico,leguin.freenode.net
kf8,210.54.33.110,kf8,tepper.freenode.net
Debra,wikipedia/MZMcBride,Well open up your mind and see like me.,card.freenode.net
Amqui,wikimedia/Amqui,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
Sigyn,freenode/utility-bot/sigyn,https://github.com/freenode/Sigyn,weber.freenode.net
yannf,wikipedia/yannf,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
matanya,wikimedia/matanya,Matanya,wolfe.freenode.net
Krinkle,wikimedia/Krinkle,Timo Tijhof,sinisalo.freenode.net
eir,freenode/utility-bot/eir,eir version 0.0.1,odin.freenode.net
shoup,45.63.76.107,Slick,leguin.freenode.net
Danny_B,wikimedia/Danny-B.,Danny B.,weber.freenode.net
nikki,unaffiliated/nikki,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
bearND|afk,wikimedia/bsitzmann-wmf,Bernd,sinisalo.freenode.net
Tristitia,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,One with Darkness,sinisalo.freenode.net
jubo2,wikipedia/jukeboksi,juboxi,asimov.freenode.net
maxlath,x4db1d428.dyn.telefonica.de,maxlath,tepper.freenode.net
Platonides,wikipedia/Platonides,Wikipedia,barjavel.freenode.net
ToAruShiroiNeko,wikimedia/ToAruShiroiNeko,Electronic Video Agent,rajaniemi.freenode.net
matt_flaschen,wikipedia/Mattflaschen,Matt Flaschen,weber.freenode.net
HakanIST,wikidata/HakanIST,HakanIST,adams.freenode.net
Cameron11598,wikipedia/Cameron11598,Cameron11598,verne.freenode.net
Barras2,wikimedia/barras,Paul,wolfe.freenode.net
greg-g,wikimedia/greg-wmf,Greg Grossmeier,karatkievich.freenode.net
kiwi_0x010C,wikipedia/-0x010C,0x010C,wilhelm.freenode.net
AsimovBot,wikimedia/-jem-/bot/AsimovBot,de,tepper.freenode.net
Krenair,wikimedia/Krenair,Alex Monk,karatkievich.freenode.net
e,freenode/staff/spy.edk,Ed Kellett,niven.freenode.net
CountOfFlanders,wikimedia/SPQRobin,Robin,wolfe.freenode.net
icinga-wm,einsteinium.wikimedia.org,IRC echo bot,weber.freenode.net
L235,wikipedia/fsf.member.Lixxx235,Kevin ([[en:User:L235]]),wilhelm.freenode.net
tonythomas,wikimedia/-01tonythomas,Tony Thomas,sinisalo.freenode.net
Lcawte,wikimedia/Lcawte,Lewis Cawte | http://www.lewiscawte.me/,wolfe.freenode.net
Harmonia_Amanda,wikidata/HarmoniaAmanda,purple,adams.freenode.net
MichaelSchoenitz,gaf/nudin,MichaelSchoenitzer,wolfe.freenode.net
wm-bot,wikimedia/bot/wm-bot,wm-bot,card.freenode.net
grumble,freenode/staff/grumble,grumble,sinisalo.freenode.net
Deskana,wikimedia/Deskana,Dan Garry,wolfe.freenode.net
Barras,wikimedia/barras,Paul,kornbluth.freenode.net
Jonas_WMDE,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mudichptsfjsasqo,Jonas Kress,hitchcock.freenode.net
jberkel_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-synbzppnscnbnbzx,Jan Berkel,adams.freenode.net
maxlathghost_,149.202.188.68,Ubuntu,barjavel.freenode.net
[[Cameron]],wikipedia/Cameron11598,Cameron,wolfe.freenode.net
jzerebecki,sammiittai.zerebecki.de,jan,card.freenode.net
edward,4angle.com,Edward Betts,weber.freenode.net
SMalyshev,wikimedia/Smalyshev-WMF,Stas Malyshev,rajaniemi.freenode.net
AntiSpamMeta,AntiSpamMeta/.,http://antispammeta.net,leguin.freenode.net
JD|cloud,wikimedia/Jasper-Deng,Jasper,leguin.freenode.net
jem,wikimedia/-jem-,Jose Emilio -jem-,card.freenode.net
fbeutel,dslb-188-103-020-179.188.103.pools.vodafone-ip.de,fbeutel,niven.freenode.net
aude,104.131.175.72,aude,rajaniemi.freenode.net
CIA,wikimedia/charitwo,charitwo,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Amir1,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dcqctllthhoxfhev,Amir Sarabadani,karatkievich.freenode.net
halfak,wikipedia/EpochFail,Aaron Halfaker,wilhelm.freenode.net
dachary,freenode/sponsor/dachary,Loic Dachary,adams.freenode.net
Dereckson,wikimedia/Dereckson,Sébastien Santoro,orwell.freenode.net
reets_afk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-axnerewxlbnllryl,Rita,wolfe.freenode.net
jdlrobson,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zhrcctcbrptuubqf,Jon Robson,wilhelm.freenode.net
nee`,pictor.uberspace.de,unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
Shanmugamp7,wikipedia/Shanmugamp7,Shanmugam,wilhelm.freenode.net
PuercoPop,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:feae:c11b,PuercoPop,wolfe.freenode.net
Sir_Lestaty,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Sir Lestaty de Lioncourt,barjavel.freenode.net
Vito,unaffiliated/vito,Vito,wilhelm.freenode.net
mt,atheme/mteufel,M. Teufel <mteufel@urandom.eu.org>,niven.freenode.net
James_F,wikimedia/JamesF,James D. Forrester,card.freenode.net
kaldari,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-alkksintajptcoxd,Ryan Kaldari,adams.freenode.net
gehel,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qdxwbfccoitlgtux,Guillaume Lederrey,sinisalo.freenode.net
Techman224,Wikimedia/Techman224,Techman224,niven.freenode.net
snowolf,wikimedia/Snowolf,Snowolf,wolfe.freenode.net
Alphos,wikipedia/Alphos,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
stashbot,wikimedia/bot/stashbot,https://tools.wmflabs.org/stashbot/,leguin.freenode.net
jackmcbarn,wikipedia/jackmcbarn,Jackmcbarn,wolfe.freenode.net
thib,wikimedia/Thibaut120094,Thibaut,weber.freenode.net
debt,wikimedia/dtankersley-wmf,debt,wolfe.freenode.net
Nikerabbit,mediawiki/Nikerabbit,Niklas Laxström,barjavel.freenode.net
liangent,wikipedia/Liangent,Got ZNC?,verne.freenode.net
WikiPuppies,wikipedia/WikiPuppies,I don't pee on bushes. I pee on vandals.,niven.freenode.net
Matthew_,wikimedia/matthewrbowker,matthewrbowker,sinisalo.freenode.net
nosferatu,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Nosferatu,card.freenode.net
basile,wikimedia/guillom,Guillaume Paumier,leguin.freenode.net
frimelle,152.78.1.81,Lucie,orwell.freenode.net
FastLizard4,wikipedia/pdpc.active.FastLizard4,Doing what I must, because I can.  For science.  Y,orwell.freenode.net
d3r1ck,104.130.131.7,root,asimov.freenode.net
mobrovac,wikimedia/mobrovac,Marko Obrovac,wolfe.freenode.net
Jhs,wikimedia/jhs,realname,asimov.freenode.net
gluytium,45.63.76.107,is a fictional supervillain,card.freenode.net
GorillaWarfare,wikipedia/GorillaWarfare,Molly White,verne.freenode.net
tobias47n9e,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zprhvsuktwbczplj,tobias47n9e-c,barjavel.freenode.net
early,68.ip-149-56-14.net,early,orwell.freenode.net
Garnig,unaffiliated/garnig,Garnig,rajaniemi.freenode.net
danmichaelo_,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe16:75bb,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
PaulCapestany,2604:5500:17:2ea:5c15:40e6:5986:2db4,Paul Capestany,wilhelm.freenode.net
Niharika,wikimedia/NiharikaKohli,Niharika,adams.freenode.net
gry,fsf/member/svetlana,Svetlana Tkachenko,card.freenode.net
reverse_light,ntszok079247.szok.nt.adsl.ppp.infoweb.ne.jp,reverse_light,niven.freenode.net
quiddity,wikipedia/quiddity,quiddity,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Matiia,wikimedia/Matiia,Who knows,adams.freenode.net
tsunamie,ec2-54-218-82-59.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,J,barjavel.freenode.net
sergey,212.115.244.114,sergey,weber.freenode.net
Trizek,wikimedia/Trizek,Trizek,wilhelm.freenode.net
Harej,wikipedia/harej,James Hare,wilhelm.freenode.net
TarLocesilion,elen.niewiarowski.it,Tar Lócesilion,leguin.freenode.net
rom1504,rom1504.fr,rom1504,niven.freenode.net
mfandreas,meise.madflex.de,mfandreas,karatkievich.freenode.net
MarkusH,django/committer/MarkusH,Markus Holtermann,barjavel.freenode.net
EnTeQuAk,pdpc/supporter/bronze/entequak,Christopher Grebs,rajaniemi.freenode.net
asmaps,ovh-1.asw.io,asmaps,verne.freenode.net
zerok,pdpc/supporter/active/zerok,Horst Gutmann,adams.freenode.net
Dunedan,phoenitydawn.de,Daniel Roschka,adams.freenode.net
moritz_s,unaffiliated/moritz-s/x-0273948,Moritz Sichert,karatkievich.freenode.net
kelvan,merlin1991.at,,,,,rajaniemi.freenode.net
wAmpIre,2001:67c:14c:12f::2:1,Sven Velt,niven.freenode.net
jensh,p4FFCE349.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Jens Heidrich,karatkievich.freenode.net
busti,84.200.105.65,busti,orwell.freenode.net
ulope,neon.ulo.pe,Ulrich Petri,karatkievich.freenode.net
tm8522010,546B439D.cm-12-4b.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Thomas,asimov.freenode.net
jezdez,django/committer/jezdez,Jannis Leidel,rajaniemi.freenode.net
[o__o],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me,verne.freenode.net
DLange,about/linux/staff/dlange,Daniel Lange,orwell.freenode.net
Gentle,quassel/contributors/gentle,Ramon Klass,wilhelm.freenode.net
steph,metis.rdev.info,Stephan Jaekel,leguin.freenode.net
subsonik,2001:4c50:14d:e300:85ee:6543:1f89:fd93,Hardy Erlinger,wilhelm.freenode.net
Jarus,irc.thelabmill.de,Christoph Heer,wilhelm.freenode.net
ben_,metis.rdev.info,Ben,adams.freenode.net
fgau,webbox1220.server-home.net,fgau,verne.freenode.net
a7p,azrael.neiwo.org,alp,kornbluth.freenode.net
explosive,185.76.178.140,explosive,sinisalo.freenode.net
rideh,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe93:4dd8,rideh,karatkievich.freenode.net
BLZbubba,knm.org,Mark Lehrer,tepper.freenode.net
Al3xG0,unaffiliated/al3xg0,...,sinisalo.freenode.net
chrome0,mail.sabaini.at,Peter Sabaini,card.freenode.net
b1tpunk,216.164.160.47,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
usr13,74.113.246.185,terry,niven.freenode.net
tuor,unaffiliated/tuor,Tuor,karatkievich.freenode.net
maolang,2a01:e35:2e6c:5620:c77e:c4ff:15e1:718,Daenerys Targaryen,adams.freenode.net
Metacity,wikipedia/WikiPuppies,Metacity is like Cheerios.,adams.freenode.net
m1dnight_,77.109.112.234,Christophe De Troyer,leguin.freenode.net
gueriLLaPunK,guerillapunk.backtraced.yo.ass.from.inside.ur.seriesoftub.es,Your Mom,hitchcock.freenode.net
john-mcaleely,assendon.default.jhmcaleely.uk0.bigv.io,John McAleely,wilhelm.freenode.net
freanux,unaffiliated/freanux,Philippe Widmer,weber.freenode.net
patcable,lopsa/member/mrbucket,Buckets of Fun!,adams.freenode.net
dwar,warhammar.net,Daniel W,wilhelm.freenode.net
winb,unaffiliated/winb,Emba Larsen,card.freenode.net
rifter,75.108.111.225,rifter,verne.freenode.net
zymurgy,li607-220.members.linode.com,zymurgy,wilhelm.freenode.net
Bent0,2a03:b0c0:0:1010::398:b001,Bent0,karatkievich.freenode.net
epic_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gwmcjypbyjawqczm,Bjørn Magnus Mathisen,adams.freenode.net
lordcirth,45.72.237.238,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
ermac0,50-88-13-106.res.bhn.net,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Bryanstein,shellium/admin/bryanstein,Bryan Smith,asimov.freenode.net
Sergio965,sergio.bz,Sergio,asimov.freenode.net
m1dnight1,83.ip-164-132-199.eu,Christophe De Troyer,barjavel.freenode.net
kvm2k,46.101.109.196,Karsten Vejrup Madsen,tepper.freenode.net
K4k,unaffiliated/k4k,K4k,hitchcock.freenode.net
gmh,hinderaker.com,Glenn M. Hinderaker,karatkievich.freenode.net
lorenzo64,host249-110-dynamic.43-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,Lrenzo Camprini,rajaniemi.freenode.net
happenspappens,pool-71-178-136-202.washdc.east.verizon.net,hampperpamper,verne.freenode.net
_nothing_,ddx8-8ycvkwm3s880rchy-3.rev.dnainternet.fi,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Sonderblade,h-52-183.a157.priv.bahnhof.se,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
GDiaX,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-pbchdxthpufngrnt,GDiaX,wilhelm.freenode.net
SunTsu,unaffiliated/suntsu,why worry?,adams.freenode.net
Casper26,2001:470:8:2d3:ff:ff:ff:ff,Casper26,karatkievich.freenode.net
LordDeath,78.47.131.12,test,adams.freenode.net
saml,nat.employees.ny01.shutterstock.com,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
Artemis3,190-37-30-10.dyn.dsl.cantv.net,Artemis3,karatkievich.freenode.net
rbt-,eventhorison.net,robotron1715,hitchcock.freenode.net
quintopia,unaffiliated/quintopia,quintopia,wilhelm.freenode.net
Jikan,noein.haruka.fr,Jikan,leguin.freenode.net
Mordessin,goat.v4.fr.panicbnc.eu,Mordessin,hitchcock.freenode.net
irishfromua,193.108.249.183,purple,karatkievich.freenode.net
LollyBear,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uepljykoehhjxjij,LollyBear,adams.freenode.net
e,freenode/staff/spy.edk,Ed Kellett,niven.freenode.net
JackH,79-73-184-38.dynamic.dsl.as9105.com,realname,tepper.freenode.net
Diamondcite,24-212-171-156.cable.teksavvy.com,Over here,orwell.freenode.net
yennifer,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-sqkrotyaifahsyok,ZNC - http://znc.in,leguin.freenode.net
g3kk3r,far.torrkulla.net,Kaj Torrkulla,asimov.freenode.net
Toris,unaffiliated/toris,Toris,karatkievich.freenode.net
jcara,188.166.12.223,jcara,orwell.freenode.net
EW1LN,93.85.182.71,realname,leguin.freenode.net
Exterminador,unaffiliated/exterminador,Exterminador,sinisalo.freenode.net
moyam01,52-177-217-162.static.sfldmi-1.us.as62588.net,moyam01,orwell.freenode.net
fcanela,unaffiliated/fcanela,fcanela,,,,rajaniemi.freenode.net
karlthane,13.84.155.158,Alex Thomas,wolfe.freenode.net
goo,217.171.199.228,goo,weber.freenode.net
Kirito,pdpc/supporter/student/kirito,Kirito,wolfe.freenode.net
dmarr,li588-214.members.linode.com,David Marr,hitchcock.freenode.net
AntiSpamMeta,AntiSpamMeta/.,http://antispammeta.net,leguin.freenode.net
confluence_,2a01:4f8:c17:3ca::2,confluence,niven.freenode.net
Dragnslcr,c-98-216-132-16.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,Scott Lerman,hitchcock.freenode.net
czwolf,2607:5300:60:1176::1,Xchat User,wilhelm.freenode.net
negronjl,pool-74-101-16-132.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,Juan L. Negron,karatkievich.freenode.net
export,unaffiliated/exported,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
Tempesta,unaffiliated/tempesta,ChoiKyuSang,leguin.freenode.net
gringao,112.97.117.78.rev.sfr.net,user,wilhelm.freenode.net
SirNeo,2a01:4020:1:7::2,SirNeo,adams.freenode.net
Sir_Lestaty,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Sir Lestaty de Lioncourt,barjavel.freenode.net
HamRadio,67.148.122.154,HamRadio,weber.freenode.net
NDPTAL86,209-6-158-15.c3-0.sbo-ubr1.sbo.ma.cable.erols.com,NDPTAL85,niven.freenode.net
BGL,75-149-171-58-Washington.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,BGLWrK,barjavel.freenode.net
MonkeyDust,unaffiliated/monkeydust,Monkey Dust,wilhelm.freenode.net
Guest28451,irc.tox.im,Coup Shitlord,wolfe.freenode.net
spvkgn,176.96.82.211,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
robotroll,unaffiliated/robotroll,robotroll,sinisalo.freenode.net
andrex,unaffiliated/andrex,andrex,barjavel.freenode.net
analyser,183.ip-167-114-97.net,Leonardo M. N. de Mattos,orwell.freenode.net
chu,unaffiliated/chu,Matthew Ball,barjavel.freenode.net
JoshuaACasey,elitebnc/staff/joshuaacasey,https://joshuacasey.net,wilhelm.freenode.net
WARlrus,home.mattdyson.org,freenode,orwell.freenode.net
ProfessorKaos64,216.49.14.203.res-cmts.pnt.ptd.net,mikeyd,adams.freenode.net
KeithIMyers,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fdfqjbxrekxkggzv,Keith Myers,karatkievich.freenode.net
zizou,gusl/staff/mchavez,Zizou,card.freenode.net
digitalfiz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dlncpebevsgjeexg,digitalfiz.com,wilhelm.freenode.net
Modeuse,x14m13a.wh7.tu-dresden.de,KVIrc 4.9.1 Aria http://kvirc.net/,orwell.freenode.net
Platypus-Man,ti0008a400-4002.bb.online.no,Baloney,verne.freenode.net
_Rick,149.18.12.134,Textual User,wilhelm.freenode.net
raeymeister_,p54894CDB.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
Compu,unaffiliated/compu,Compu,hitchcock.freenode.net
oliverio,unaffiliated/oliverio,oliverio,card.freenode.net
step21,triangulum.uberspace.de,step21,wilhelm.freenode.net
sparty,harbinger.sparty.fr,spartition,leguin.freenode.net
nosferatu,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Nosferatu,card.freenode.net
obli-AWAY,62.27.85.48,Oblivious One,wilhelm.freenode.net
paraxor,unaffiliated/prazial,name,niven.freenode.net
woodjrx,woodonia.com,WoodJRx,,,,karatkievich.freenode.net
Furai,furai.pl,Lucas,adams.freenode.net
VladGh,ip72-211-94-127.no.no.cox.net,Vlad,adams.freenode.net
sweatsuit,unaffiliated/sweatsuit,jp,tepper.freenode.net
polonel_,rrcs-24-142-200-100.midsouth.biz.rr.com,Chris Brame,hitchcock.freenode.net
Nilesh_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pgmkvyekqhalwmet,Nilesh Kokane,leguin.freenode.net
quarters,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-pojdcawcvodkchpz,quarters,wolfe.freenode.net
xt3kn1k,ocean.seedhost.eu,xt3kn1k,weber.freenode.net
Orphis,adam.orphis.net,Orphis,orwell.freenode.net
manacit,unaffiliated/manacit,Nick,karatkievich.freenode.net
gardar,bnc.giraffi.net,gardar,card.freenode.net
acosonic,94.247.200.200,Aleksandar Pavic,tepper.freenode.net
nightf0x,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-exyboaxsmtbvileq,nightf0x,wolfe.freenode.net
xtr,unaffiliated/xtr,0478963145,barjavel.freenode.net
valkyr1e,unaffiliated/hydralisk,valkyrie,barjavel.freenode.net
brijesh_,165.204.77.1,Brijesh Singh,weber.freenode.net
Satyajit,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-buzvwryencafaqyw,ZNC - http://znc.in,wolfe.freenode.net
Dartellum,pool-71-162-177-192.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,Dr. Wes Snyder V,tepper.freenode.net
gadget,64.137.181.216,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
nomad_fr,192.95.25.218,nomad_fr,barjavel.freenode.net
DenBeiren_,78-20-238-68.access.telenet.be,denbeiren,barjavel.freenode.net
tkeith,misc1.tkeith.com,Trevor Keith,wilhelm.freenode.net
Kamuela,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wtbmwwswpxmcqjqn,Kamuela,wolfe.freenode.net
FilipNortic_,h-143-38.a192.priv.bahnhof.se,Filip-Nortic,sinisalo.freenode.net
rocket2Moon,skalman.df.lth.se,Roderik Lundberg Bauhn,weber.freenode.net
mbenz,cpe-71-70-144-175.nc.res.rr.com,Michael Benz,asimov.freenode.net
peeps[lappy],216-82-197-9.static.grandenetworks.net,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
jrolland-home,cpe-75-86-41-3.wi.res.rr.com,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
nb_ff,2601:602:9501:ff6c:c62c:3ff:fe14:ac1c,nb_ff,niven.freenode.net
blinky42,jabber.blinkylight.net,blinky,leguin.freenode.net
Jalen,belencomputers/regular/jalen,Jalen,wilhelm.freenode.net
fibes,wrong.be,fibes,weber.freenode.net
xx1xx,2601:644:502:acf1:787b:3c9a:b416:6eb,xx1xx,wolfe.freenode.net
ag1t,67-2-59-163.slkc.qwest.net,Gary Travis Roberts,sinisalo.freenode.net
makije,x1-6-00-1c-c0-9b-7b-3b.cpe.webspeed.dk,makije,niven.freenode.net
huttan,hackz.se,huttan,hitchcock.freenode.net
Caelum,cachemiss.com,Rafael Kitover,karatkievich.freenode.net
hailush,213.55.108.16,Your Name,leguin.freenode.net
Plantu,197.226.112.208,Plantu,hobana.freenode.net
musictau,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-htevprikybxtxkjq,R,adams.freenode.net
h00k,ubuntu/member/h00k,h00k,card.freenode.net
u0m3,188.25.14.68,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
rsully,unaffiliated/rsully,rsully,orwell.freenode.net
fractal,unaffiliated/scounder,fractal,wolfe.freenode.net
yoavz-,white.blackit.io,yoavz,asimov.freenode.net
gycklarn,virtue.v-servers.se,Stefan Persson,weber.freenode.net
attente,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ppmmpwyhcarhunar,William Hua,wolfe.freenode.net
Uatec,pinacle4.uatec.net,uatec,asimov.freenode.net
barzogh,pdpc/supporter/active/barzogh,barzogh,card.freenode.net
zzzgeoffb,ppp59-167-167-145.static.internode.on.net,www.geoffbreach.com Geek, researcher at UTS.edu.au,karatkievich.freenode.net
Turner92,unaffiliated/turner92,Turner,niven.freenode.net
zorael,ns3363704.ip-94-23-253.eu,jr,wolfe.freenode.net
intelux,2604:180:2:59c::5b32,intelux,karatkievich.freenode.net
Cube`,unaffiliated/cube/x-8244782,Cube,weber.freenode.net
sesamebagel,198.199.122.70,sesame bagel,barjavel.freenode.net
giricz81,ip4-83-240-38-90.cust.nbox.cz,giricz81,adams.freenode.net
bauerj,unaffiliated/bauerj,bauerj,wilhelm.freenode.net
IndigoTiger,sahara.sigint.pw,Bradley Shaw,wolfe.freenode.net
bittin,vps154124.loopiavps.com,Esmeralda,wilhelm.freenode.net
genpaku,107.191.100.185,genpaku,asimov.freenode.net
b-yeezi,104-59-99-180.lightspeed.sndgca.sbcglobal.net,Mr. Young,asimov.freenode.net
shampine,unaffiliated/shampine,Shhh,weber.freenode.net
Stanto,li285-77.members.linode.com,Stanto,niven.freenode.net
lapion,axion.xs4all.nl,axion,weber.freenode.net
jhebden,irc.hebden.net.au,James Hebden,adams.freenode.net
jackyu,118.250.186.171,jackyu,tepper.freenode.net
arno_,li587-95.members.linode.com,arno,wolfe.freenode.net
minimec,unaffiliated/minimec,minimec,verne.freenode.net
frdmn,unaffiliated/frdmn,frdmn,orwell.freenode.net
chomwitt,ppp-94-67-221-230.home.otenet.gr,chomwitt,karatkievich.freenode.net
rory,vega.rory.sh,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
nOgAnOo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qzaxushlbdelzugi,Lily,wilhelm.freenode.net
bdmc,drochaid.buadh-brath.com,Brian McCullough,adams.freenode.net
sharksauce,unaffiliated/sharksauce,sharksauce,tepper.freenode.net
Neo,opennic/Neo,Neo Anderson,niven.freenode.net
aavrug,14.194.85.98,Gaurav Kumar,wilhelm.freenode.net
TheCowboy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dtborsegvkzizxkb,TheCowboy,wilhelm.freenode.net
Acou_Bass,2a02:c7d:a037:d600:b634:6099:d464:1911,Acou_Bass,adams.freenode.net
_KaszpiR_,unaffiliated/kaszpir/x-3157048,_KaszpiR_,wolfe.freenode.net
marshal0505,trivialand/elite/marshal0505,Marshal0505,wilhelm.freenode.net
IonutVan_,opensuse/member/IonutVan,Ionut Vancea,barjavel.freenode.net
Countess_Bathory,unaffiliated/bloodcountess,Milady,orwell.freenode.net
coy,52.128.63.239,Coy Stephens,barjavel.freenode.net
Haxxa,120.147.48.206,Harrison,weber.freenode.net
iooner,2001:41d0:a:5b1d::1:20,iooner,wilhelm.freenode.net
SirCmpwn,irc.sircmpwn.com,Drew DeVault,adams.freenode.net
subthalamus,bou57-1-78-247-40-105.fbx.proxad.net,subthalamus,wolfe.freenode.net
MushroomNZ,burrito.whatbox.ca,MushroomNZ,roddenberry.freenode.net
Mobutils,S0106ac9e17936b30.cg.shawcable.net,James Pike,asimov.freenode.net
Bass10_,2601:440:c380:95e:61d7:61a0:8d51:66ca,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
crazyoldworld,2602:306:bd2a:a160:ba27:ebff:fe93:c075,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Dark_Arc,v-74-91-113-40.unman-vds.premium-chicago.nfoservers.com,Wyatt Childers,orwell.freenode.net
SQL,wikipedia/SQL,[[User:SQL]]@enwiki,asimov.freenode.net
Raxz,2605:6000:1b09:80c4:570b:5f78:6198:39a9,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Nintenuendo,unaffiliated/nintenuendo,Nintenuendo,weber.freenode.net
jackmcbarn,wikipedia/jackmcbarn,Jackmcbarn,wolfe.freenode.net
ZeiP,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe73:fd27,Jyri-Petteri Paloposki,niven.freenode.net
shabius,broadband-46-188-78-141.2com.net,*,orwell.freenode.net
tonyyarusso,ubuntu/member/tonyyarusso,Anthony Yarusso,weber.freenode.net
nchambers,freenode/spooky-exception/bartender/learnprogramming.nchambers,Nicholas Chambers,karatkievich.freenode.net
miklcct,server.miklcct.csproject.org,Michael Tsang,karatkievich.freenode.net
katymoe_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bxiumhragnpvfexp,Katy Moe,wolfe.freenode.net
wabbits,ip-64-140-118-201.user.start.ca,purple,weber.freenode.net
noah2,ip192-95-54-84.customers.ztnhosting.net,this is noah,asimov.freenode.net
skule,93.160.91.242,Steffen Vinther Sørensen,orwell.freenode.net
brunch8751,126.red-83-47-74.dynamicip.rima-tde.net,Bruno Javier Blasco Smaranda,tepper.freenode.net
Phanes,unaffiliated/phanes,Zatara Phanes,wolfe.freenode.net
jelly,pdpc/supporter/active/jelly,Real Name,wolfe.freenode.net
Jakdaw_,iroquois-mxisp.openmarket.com,Jakdaw,wilhelm.freenode.net
techmagus,204.44.91.59,Yahanan Xie,weber.freenode.net
pitastrudl,unaffiliated/pitastrudl,pitastrudl,wilhelm.freenode.net
linuxmodder,fedora/linuxmodder,linuxmodder,sinisalo.freenode.net
acrocity,p3310086-ipngn19401marunouchi.tokyo.ocn.ne.jp,Acrocity,verne.freenode.net
PaulCapestany,2604:5500:17:2ea:5c15:40e6:5986:2db4,Paul Capestany,wilhelm.freenode.net
M1K4,195-240-96-197.ip.telfort.nl,MiKa,rajaniemi.freenode.net
saintromuald__,dynamic-acs-24-239-99-170.zoominternet.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
ClassicBoy,2001:470:8c8d:b40::1,Classicy,karatkievich.freenode.net
tgm4883,ubuntu/member/tgm4883,Thomas Mashos,karatkievich.freenode.net
mac_nibblet,server1.dasprids.de,Antoine Hedgecock,niven.freenode.net
vok`,pool-96-245-193-142.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,pi,niven.freenode.net
cliluw,unaffiliated/cliluw,realname,adams.freenode.net
justinabrahms,107.170.208.252,Justin Abrahms,verne.freenode.net
neurot,162.216.46.161,nuerot,orwell.freenode.net
leonarth,unaffiliated/leonarth,leonarth,asimov.freenode.net
tinoco,ubuntu/member/inaddy,Rafael David Tinoco,rajaniemi.freenode.net
muskrat,trivialand/player/muskrat,Tam Rusk,adams.freenode.net
C4L,bnc.stormbit.net,Cally,verne.freenode.net
effectnet,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-amsoqmsmhcyrvlxt,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,leguin.freenode.net
daynaskully,unaffiliated/daynaskully,dayna,verne.freenode.net
Phaiax,hydra.uberspace.de,Phaiax,orwell.freenode.net
bluszcz,mail.devcarpet.net,Bluszcz,orwell.freenode.net
ikonia,unaffiliated/ikonia,Matt Darcy,wilhelm.freenode.net
jpeura,dsl-pribrasgw1-58c309-121.dhcp.inet.fi,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
binary01,cpe-74-71-1-94.nyc.res.rr.com,realname,weber.freenode.net
LostSoul,78-11-228-60.static.ip.netia.com.pl,LostSoul,barjavel.freenode.net
Village,server.host.80s.lt,Laurynas,barjavel.freenode.net
louiz,ciboule.louiz.org,louiz,asimov.freenode.net
Shimpu_007,157.157.90.70,bartek,weber.freenode.net
czesmir,dao90.neoplus.adsl.tpnet.pl,Stefan,hitchcock.freenode.net
imsurit,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-zlyzputqmjqupwdh,Nokia N900,wilhelm.freenode.net
TrailBlazer1978,195.73.0.20,Eelco Nieuwstad,barjavel.freenode.net
thrillgore,c-73-207-195-231.hsd1.ga.comcast.net,Zug Zug,sinisalo.freenode.net
vonsyd0w,66-168-214-41.dhcp.athn.ga.charter.com,realname,adams.freenode.net
Elronnd,znc.dank.ninja,Elronnd,niven.freenode.net
JackMc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qcgbvzlypuwxwhvq,Jack McCracken,wilhelm.freenode.net
postrecito,unaffiliated/dorami-doraemon,SuperBNC - https://SuperBNC.com,niven.freenode.net
JagErLessen,80.90.95.147,JagErLessen,barjavel.freenode.net
thingfish,unaffiliated/thingfish,Mark,karatkievich.freenode.net
Granis,c-92c5e455.017-509-6c6b701.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,...,verne.freenode.net
Myrtti,freenode/staff/myrtti,Miia Sample,hitchcock.freenode.net
br34l,unaffiliated/br34l,...,kornbluth.freenode.net
millerti,cpe-66-24-91-119.stny.res.rr.com,Timothy Miller,card.freenode.net
galeido,unaffiliated/galeido,Pekka Leppänen,barjavel.freenode.net
lethu,unaffiliated/lethu,lethu,verne.freenode.net
seadog007,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gjuoujlrqbxmuyma,seadog007,rajaniemi.freenode.net
shoup,45.63.76.107,Slick,leguin.freenode.net
DTop,535462E8.cm-6-5b.dynamic.ziggo.nl,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
Electrometro,69-58-80-79.ut.vivintwireless.net,Jared,verne.freenode.net
Sedo,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::12f:8001,Manuel Thallinger,niven.freenode.net
fyrril,2605:a601:7014:1800:744c:7fc9:503f:5973,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
aatwood,2602:306:c415:530:d5ec:a1fd:22d1:f6cc,Alan Atwood,,,,wilhelm.freenode.net
kevank,freenode/sponsor/kevank,Kevan Kay,niven.freenode.net
ceed^,c-73-159-173-191.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,Vivaldi Technologies,card.freenode.net
blazeme8,downtime.rocks,blazeme8,verne.freenode.net
dougsko,unaffiliated/dougsko,No Name,orwell.freenode.net
valeech,unaffiliated/valeech,valeech,adams.freenode.net
bekks,unaffiliated/bekks,Eduard Warkentin,adams.freenode.net
ppf,i41pc78.ipd.uni-karlsruhe.de,philip,verne.freenode.net
rypervenche,unaffiliated/rypervenche,ryper,leguin.freenode.net
PotatoGim,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pmhrzlyopetrhheb,Ji-Hyeon Gim,wilhelm.freenode.net
minsky,But.I.Love.The.Coookies.PanicBNC.com,minsky,karatkievich.freenode.net
clawory_,112.147.16.62.customer.cdi.no,Clawory,orwell.freenode.net
DarkMukke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bbzmrmvwjcpvzghg,Mukke,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Jochen_wvdT,HSI-KBW-134-3-254-56.hsi14.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de,Jochen,orwell.freenode.net
KingPin,bela.kpsn.org,kingpin,card.freenode.net
Kamilion,botters/Kamilion,I am kamilion. But you knew that, didn't you.,asimov.freenode.net
conan1415,unaffiliated/conan1415,conan1415,adams.freenode.net
zeroedout,69.172.153.167,Alishams Hassam,adams.freenode.net
Rokixz,5.199.160.9,Rokas Klyvis,niven.freenode.net
vsantos,163.172.159.107,Victor Santos,orwell.freenode.net
latz,li193-194.members.linode.com,Frank Lazzarini,tepper.freenode.net
typ,unaffiliated/typ,typ,asimov.freenode.net
BenderRodriguez,unaffiliated/foxhoundz,Foxhoundz,asimov.freenode.net
MrFixIt,c-67-175-180-110.hsd1.il.comcast.net,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
Fetch,gimel.cepheid.org,Warren,barjavel.freenode.net
Loshki,unaffiliated/losher,realname,card.freenode.net
supersoju,c-50-133-156-204.hsd1.vt.comcast.net,ajones,barjavel.freenode.net
hay,user1.ftth.elmitel.net,hay,hitchcock.freenode.net
jchen_,remote.corefacility.ca,Julie Chen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
berkutta,80-219-171-127.dclient.hispeed.ch,realname,asimov.freenode.net
michaelni,213-47-41-20.cable.dynamic.surfer.at,Michael,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nomic,host31-48-227-100.range31-48.btcentralplus.com,nomic,niven.freenode.net
timrs2998,81.4.110.112,tim,niven.freenode.net
bryceml,2605:a601:577:b700:1e75:8ff:fe11:8a63,Bryce Larson,wolfe.freenode.net
hayer,82.194.220.20,has bnc?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
WaV,ip24-250-250-73.ga.at.cox.net,...,asimov.freenode.net
dnssoul,unaffiliated/kingsquest,Textual User,asimov.freenode.net
lblume,greenviolet/laoyijiehe/lblume,Laurent Blume,adams.freenode.net
Sparklyballs,unaffiliated/sparklyballs,Him over there, dead in the corner.,wilhelm.freenode.net
Emogen,unaffiliated/toris,Alchamy,sinisalo.freenode.net
brad[],TMA-1.brad-x.com,Brad Laue,card.freenode.net
OneM_Industries,unaffiliated/onematthias,OneMIndustries,weber.freenode.net
Polarcraft,bnc.vengyn.net,VenBNC,verne.freenode.net
jalcine,unaffiliated/webjadmin,Jacky Alcine,sinisalo.freenode.net
walterwoj,pool-141-151-237-35.altnpa.east.verizon.net,purple,barjavel.freenode.net
KindOne,freenude/topless/kindone,...,leguin.freenode.net
rymate1234,2001:41d0:1:9a60::1,Ryan,wilhelm.freenode.net
krphop,watch.out.the.feds.are.rightbehind.us,krphop,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Blue11,c-107-2-43-179.hsd1.az.comcast.net,purple,sinisalo.freenode.net
Toast,w-247.cust-16293.ip.static.uno.uk.net,matt,verne.freenode.net
Gorian,2604:180:1:bd7::e327,gorian,karatkievich.freenode.net
liothe,94.254.51.212,realname,leguin.freenode.net
quny,2620:102:400b:1976:d:988:c40a:c722,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
zonum,99-89-122-76.lightspeed.miamfl.sbcglobal.net,zonum,asimov.freenode.net
ktosiek,108.61.166.51,Tomasz Kontusz,card.freenode.net
lexAngeles,ec2-52-90-90-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Lex Angeles,card.freenode.net
trevor_s,ipv6.gemini.panicbnc.net,trevor_s,wolfe.freenode.net
elysium,schroeffu.ch,elysium,orwell.freenode.net
rOss^64,mode7.org,hayama akito,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zwelch,fluffy.superlucidity.net,Zach Welch,orwell.freenode.net
ctjctj,2601:195:4001:2834:9523:5990:6b79:c5bc,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
norlane,grus.whatbox.ca,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
Alexia_Death,254-44-71-217.dyn.estpak.ee,Alexia Death,verne.freenode.net
timp,do1.timpeeters.com,Tim Peeters,weber.freenode.net
stnly,128.199.82.216,stnly,card.freenode.net
Deltanic,deltanic.net,Deltanic,niven.freenode.net
narupo,nagano-56-192.bb.avis.ne.jp,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
Miron,unaffiliated/supermiron,potato,sinisalo.freenode.net
baggar11,50-39-178-98.bvtn.or.frontiernet.net,baggar11,weber.freenode.net
LaserAllan_,campnorthernlight.com,Got ZNC?,verne.freenode.net
sbadea,134.117.39.62.rev.sfr.net,Sorin BADEA,weber.freenode.net
Axy,unaffiliated/mia,0,card.freenode.net
zol1,31.208.76.60,Bengt Ericsson,card.freenode.net
DerRaiden,2a01:4f8:191:90b0::2,Rene,wilhelm.freenode.net
ron__,ACaen-652-1-307-112.w90-17.abo.wanadoo.fr,ron,asimov.freenode.net
houqi,106.120.101.38,houqi,barjavel.freenode.net
chaky|lap,unaffiliated/chaky,chaky,sinisalo.freenode.net
pauna,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-lagiczqgmoixyoul,ZNC - http://znc.in,wilhelm.freenode.net
nhandler,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.nhandler,Nathan Handler,karatkievich.freenode.net
Pyker,pyker.net,Pyker,niven.freenode.net
vsuojanen,83-136-248-31.uk-lon1.host.upcloud.com,Valtteri Suojanen,tepper.freenode.net
DLmass,84.ip-51-255-200.eu,root,adams.freenode.net
nya_,p7902c6f7.tokynt01.ap.so-net.ne.jp,nya,weber.freenode.net
zen__,062066221069.dynamic.telenor.dk,smuxi,wolfe.freenode.net
Globalirc,zchat.org,11100010011,asimov.freenode.net
neuromage_,24.102.135.110.res-cmts.sm.ptd.net,mitch,verne.freenode.net
pax2you,host73-69-dynamic.52-82-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,pax2you,barjavel.freenode.net
Amoz,h-73-178.a192.priv.bahnhof.se,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
karstensrage,unaffiliated/karstensrage,Karsten S. Rage,karatkievich.freenode.net
L0rdLaravel,168.1.72.84,L0rdLaravel,wolfe.freenode.net
Cust0sLim3n,unaffiliated/cust0slim3n,CustosLimen,card.freenode.net
luckman212,unaffiliated/luckman212,luckman212,hitchcock.freenode.net
hfp,mtrlpq0736w-lp130-03-70-52-83-177.dsl.bell.ca,blip,hitchcock.freenode.net
Ducky^,ks361234.kimsufi.com,Ducky,weber.freenode.net
GJdan_,d216-232-149-9.bchsia.telus.net,dan,hitchcock.freenode.net
adamg,38.102.153.98,adamg,card.freenode.net
loa,broadband-188-32-186-142.nationalcablenetworks.ru,realname,weber.freenode.net
cloudcell_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-diiyzdfvwwwrrlwq,cloudcell,adams.freenode.net
jugo,unaffiliated/jugo,jugo,leguin.freenode.net
diddledan_,eros.bowlhat.net,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
Toggi3,he.ddosd.us,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
arooni,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe3b:e418,ZNC Arooni,rajaniemi.freenode.net
om26er,ubuntu/member/om26er,Omer Akram,card.freenode.net
worstadmin,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ttcciajcwxmweycu,worstadmin_,wilhelm.freenode.net
Nukien,162.250.233.55,Got ZNC?,niven.freenode.net
jaythelinuxguy,159.203.69.140,Jay LaCroix,verne.freenode.net
fusl,unaffiliated/fusl,fusl,adams.freenode.net
y0sh,unaffiliated/y0sh,y0sh,wilhelm.freenode.net
RtMF,li86-165.members.linode.com,Rainbow: the Mad Faerie,card.freenode.net
hapos,S0106204e7f5b05e0.vs.shawcable.net,hapos,verne.freenode.net
wedjats,temple.sphinks.net,Allaedine El Banna,wilhelm.freenode.net
shootbird,beepbeep.serverpit.com,shootbird,sinisalo.freenode.net
bittyx,unaffiliated/bittyx,bittyx,sinisalo.freenode.net
jriddy,COX-98-173-249-66-static.coxinet.net,Josh Reed,barjavel.freenode.net
CatKiller,unaffiliated/catkiller,CatKiller,karatkievich.freenode.net
derfoh,2cecb2a1-5336-4759-afc7-a64b9ea24d11.node.dockerapp.io,derfoh,niven.freenode.net
wallen,2a04:1980:3100:1aac:e61d:2dff:feb1:7871,wallen,wolfe.freenode.net
laza,b2b-130-180-1-210.unitymedia.biz,Alexander Lazarević,asimov.freenode.net
dStruct,unaffiliated/dstruct,matt,weber.freenode.net
py_,unaffiliated/pysec,stratos,weber.freenode.net
peer69,unaffiliated/peer69,Peer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
netameta,24-158-128-88.dhcp.kgpt.tn.charter.com,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
AdamAntium27,104.200.153.88,realname,orwell.freenode.net
octanium,oppetid.nedetid.org,Bjorn Johansen,orwell.freenode.net
Canucktux,vps.azend.org,N K,niven.freenode.net
brainyron,2001:470:b:15f::6,Ron,karatkievich.freenode.net
kbrosnan,firefox/community/qa/kbrosnan,Kevin Brosnan,wolfe.freenode.net
Mikelevel,unaffiliated/mikelevel,Mr.Nobody Knows...,hitchcock.freenode.net
plasticboy,plasticboy.com,Ben Williams,card.freenode.net
ivo_,unaffiliated/ivo/x-7575225,Ivo,wolfe.freenode.net
toster,86.63.168.151,realname,leguin.freenode.net
Squarism,178.62.91.8,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
ELLIOTTCABLE,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qkatvegbxzvtudpe,Elliott Cable,sinisalo.freenode.net
groen01_,s5.wimpi.nl,bla,weber.freenode.net
Andorin,unaffiliated/andorin,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
unclutter,24.79-160-153.customer.lyse.net,unclutter,tepper.freenode.net
chrmhoffmann,2a01:e35:8af6:5341:222:68ff:fe64:debf,chrmhoffmann,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tekk,87.117.246.195,me,tepper.freenode.net
meta-coder,unaffiliated/meta-coder,neo,sinisalo.freenode.net
Muzer,cpc96772-rdng27-2-0-cust294.15-3.cable.virginm.net,Murray Colpman,kornbluth.freenode.net
wagle,irc.wagle.io,Perry Wagle,,,,,verne.freenode.net
gniourf,pdm-l03.insa-lyon.fr,gniourf,niven.freenode.net
FourDollars,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rlozbjuaorgibpqr,Shih-Yuan Lee,wilhelm.freenode.net
jhutchins,99.198.231.49,Jonathan Hutchins,wilhelm.freenode.net
red_shift,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ziyfnqjbhyahengb,dark_halo,wilhelm.freenode.net
TonyL,unaffiliated/darkg,Tony L,wolfe.freenode.net
zhongfu,unaffiliated/zhongfu,Zhongfu Li,verne.freenode.net
desti,dslb-092-073-142-038.092.073.pools.vodafone-ip.de,realname,asimov.freenode.net
ejat,ubuntu/member/fenris-,fenris,orwell.freenode.net
ChkDigit,74.3.144.66,Mike W,card.freenode.net
styler2go,v22015051823525655.yourvserver.net,Styler 2 Go,kornbluth.freenode.net
BazookaTooth,213.152.161.10,leaf,niven.freenode.net
Draecos,203-121-194-221.e-wire.net.au,Draecos,barjavel.freenode.net
rosseaux,2a00:1828:2000:859::2,Benjamin Rosseaux,karatkievich.freenode.net
svm_invictvs,unaffiliated/svminvictvs/x-938456,patrick,karatkievich.freenode.net
lsv,CPE1cabc064a733-CM1cabc064a730.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,lsv,hitchcock.freenode.net
quantums,77-59-144-224.dclient.hispeed.ch,realname,tepper.freenode.net
Ladon,lucl.in,shadowknight,orwell.freenode.net
BaW,unaffiliated/baw,BaW,weber.freenode.net
gtrs,chat.gtrs.de,gtrs,hitchcock.freenode.net
MuffinMedic,unaffiliated/muffinmedic,Evan,karatkievich.freenode.net
gusnan,unaffiliated/gusnan,Andreas Rönnquist,rajaniemi.freenode.net
vishesh,hydrogen.twistedplane.com,vishesh,barjavel.freenode.net
sirushti,unaffiliated/syrus,Sirushti Murugesan,card.freenode.net
TheMarius,193.91.216.26,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
someone,somewhe.re,someone,karatkievich.freenode.net
Hasselsaurus,pool-96-241-54-222.washdc.fios.verizon.net,broseidon,card.freenode.net
ProtocolNetworks,2607:ff48:aa81:800::7ada:1,Nope,wilhelm.freenode.net
ComradeHaz`,94.76.215.215,ComradeHaz,asimov.freenode.net
UniFreak,43.255.178.184,realname,orwell.freenode.net
jiffe,unaffiliated/jiffe,jiffe,wilhelm.freenode.net
q_plaz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jviljplpydwlvqrr,q_plaz,wolfe.freenode.net
beasty,about/apple/macbook/beasty,beasty,karatkievich.freenode.net
msev-,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-gwtpaapeuinadbox,msev-,niven.freenode.net
simong,sfgreenwood.plus.com,Your Name,barjavel.freenode.net
Tm_T,ubuntu/member/kde.developer.jkekkonen,Tm_T is also known as Jussi Kekkonen,leguin.freenode.net
pellenbogen,dynamic-oit-magnet-f-5.Princeton.EDU,Paul Ellenbogen,karatkievich.freenode.net
jarlath,178.167.254.81.threembb.ie,jarlath,asimov.freenode.net
Pici,ubuntu/member/pdpc.professional.pici,Benjamin Rubin,weber.freenode.net
danst,188.244.33.186,Kurochka Ryaba,rajaniemi.freenode.net
medz,213.181.127.160,realname,niven.freenode.net
med_,unaffiliated/medberry,David Bip Medberry,verne.freenode.net
Shadowmm,unaffiliated/shadowmm,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
blimpy,S010600fc8d455bf3.vs.shawcable.net,cnut,leguin.freenode.net
Swant,freenode/staff/ikea,IKEA,odin.freenode.net
empyre,2604:2000:1105:403f:e40c:3fad:9c98:329,purple,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jemark,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-nrnmivnelhfxhtbk,Mark,niven.freenode.net
Gathis,unaffiliated/gathis,M a c r o s   T h e   B l a c k,karatkievich.freenode.net
SpacePenguin,unaffiliated/spacepenguin,spacepenguin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
TehJohnCena,unaffiliated/johnc4510,johnc4510 (were you expecting my real name?),leguin.freenode.net
antonmpeg_,2604:a880:1:20::22a:a001,anton,karatkievich.freenode.net
teo_,ppp089210195132.access.hol.gr,teo,wilhelm.freenode.net
ddstreet,45-27-90-188.lightspeed.rlghnc.sbcglobal.net,Dan Streetman,barjavel.freenode.net
Defiance_,cblmdm72-240-195-218.buckeyecom.net,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
Seth,unaffiliated/seth,1£4c1li. 15Nocturna 6* 15Soulsick1 16514.,hitchcock.freenode.net
geirha,gina.it.ntnu.no,geirha,wilhelm.freenode.net
Piper-Off,2a03:b0c0:1:d0::d0:b001,P4rtyV4n,niven.freenode.net
alphaseg,unaffiliated/alphaseg,alpha seg,rajaniemi.freenode.net
elijah,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gohrykoczswvdhrj,Elijah Lynn,wolfe.freenode.net
marlinc,1.0.0.127.13.204.167.185.in-addr.arpa,Marlinc,adams.freenode.net
ToAruShiroiNeko,wikimedia/ToAruShiroiNeko,Electronic Video Agent,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rlex,ns317403.ip-188-165-207.eu,Lex Rivera,adams.freenode.net
nickware,unaffiliated/nickware,Nick.  My contact details: http://goo.gl/M02Yd,wolfe.freenode.net
mirami,broadband-188-32-186-142.nationalcablenetworks.ru,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
CptClever,s1.evps.nl,David,orwell.freenode.net
njalk,211.92-221-7.customer.lyse.net,igrudge.net,tepper.freenode.net
ansivirus,209.116.248.34,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
max-m,2a01:4f8:120:21d3:1337:242:ac11:b,Maximilian,adams.freenode.net
sparr,pdpc/supporter/active/sparr,sparr,niven.freenode.net
davidmichaelkarr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tezyzlnokywfggux,David M. Karr,adams.freenode.net
spinza,196.212.164.26,spin,wilhelm.freenode.net
antimist,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-qzwunvtchvldrryz,antimist,leguin.freenode.net
nicomachus,unaffiliated/nicomachus,nicomachus,wolfe.freenode.net
StevenGFX,104.131.107.118,Steven Williams,adams.freenode.net
grumble,freenode/staff/grumble,grumble,sinisalo.freenode.net
Callek,gateway/web/mozilla/x-wgvqbztbwiwcebjf,Justin Wood,niven.freenode.net
diytto,de.diytto.com,diytto,asimov.freenode.net
habbasi,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::f4e:b001,Hameer Abbasi,sinisalo.freenode.net
TheSpiochu,86.105.50.54,root,hitchcock.freenode.net
athousandwordss,103.71.55.50,Ekanshdeep Gupta,weber.freenode.net
nexus1991,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hxiifitfqyqpwvas,nexus,wolfe.freenode.net
josephz,c-67-180-232-188.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,josephz,adams.freenode.net
la_juyis,192.241.197.159,Julia Palandri,hitchcock.freenode.net
Gaxpazo,119.red-83-53-31.dynamicip.rima-tde.net,Bi Za Rro,asimov.freenode.net
MeltedLux,bifrost.melted.me,Lux,leguin.freenode.net
procyon,a.cutie.taryn.io,procyon,niven.freenode.net
syedomar,bm-166-54.tm.net.my,so,sinisalo.freenode.net
taliptako,gateway/shell/hiyabnc/x-rznkwxupyauzbgic,taliptako,tepper.freenode.net
joe75,cpe-172-101-173-66.rochester.res.rr.com,joe75,sinisalo.freenode.net
bocaneri,about/linux/staff/sauvin,realname,asimov.freenode.net
wayne_,209.40.157.15,realname,niven.freenode.net
tanxen,ool-18bc883f.dyn.optonline.net,tan,hitchcock.freenode.net
telex,freeshell.de,telex,tepper.freenode.net
Taylor,unaffiliated/taylor,Taylor,barjavel.freenode.net
NoImNotNineVolt,pool-71-251-209-69.nwrknj.fios.verizon.net,anonymous user,orwell.freenode.net
CIAguy,unaffiliated/ciaguy,ForU,card.freenode.net
Auctus,unaffiliated/auctus,auctus,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MarioWaza,178-84-226-29.dynamic.upc.nl,Mario,sinisalo.freenode.net
munsterman311,2a00:1838:20:2::3d5b:4dcb,Got ZNC?,niven.freenode.net
aegis,unaffiliated/aegis,aegis,card.freenode.net
FinalX,penance.xs4all.nl,danielm,niven.freenode.net
setkeh,unaffiliated/setkeh,setkeh,card.freenode.net
ikanobori,python/site-packages/ikanobori,ikanobori,leguin.freenode.net
bleepy,bleepy.org,bleepy,orwell.freenode.net
babilen,unaffiliated/babilen,Wolodja Wentland,weber.freenode.net
benklop,c-75-71-78-179.hsd1.co.comcast.net,Ben Klopfenstein,,,,card.freenode.net
Raqbit,unaffiliated/raqbit,Raqbit,verne.freenode.net
tswett,192.241.237.138,Tanner Swett,verne.freenode.net
watersoul,172.245.255.61,Irc User,verne.freenode.net
blanko,213.91.210.157,...,orwell.freenode.net
clvx,40.76.41.123,Got ZNC?,tepper.freenode.net
kline,freenode/staff/enucs.kline,Gareth,weber.freenode.net
adeschamps,2607:5300:60:abe::1,adeschamps,karatkievich.freenode.net
masterjcool,2a01:7c8:aabd:101:9889:367a:dcf9:cff5,carlito,sinisalo.freenode.net
varazir,c-94-255-129-20.cust.bredband2.com,mircwars,verne.freenode.net
cfu6466,2607:5600:1b8:5952::1,root,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nielsk,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-phhatxwhqzsxuewp,Niels K.,sinisalo.freenode.net
thalin,208.79.83.202,thalin,asimov.freenode.net
enoch85,unaffiliated/enoch85,Tech and Me,sinisalo.freenode.net
Texou,unaffiliated/texou,Texou,adams.freenode.net
justin_jnf,andromeda.lwk.me,@justin_jnf,wilhelm.freenode.net
lucasrolff,gra1.optimizer.io,Lucas Rolff,card.freenode.net
awozniak,gateway/web/freenode/ip.71.93.61.178,71.93.61.178 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
jurislav,cicolina.org,jurislav,sinisalo.freenode.net
Vampire0_,jEdit/Vampire,Vampire,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cncr04s,unaffiliated/cncr04s,cnc,wolfe.freenode.net
eclaesson,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qskypqifbiwkonlt,Emanuel Claesson,leguin.freenode.net
MattJ100,heavyhorse2.default.heavyhorse.uk0.bigv.io,MattJ,asimov.freenode.net
ikevin,j-aime.etre.casse-couilles.org,DAGNEAUX Kevin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hue,zirc/eclipse,hue,verne.freenode.net
HolyKnight,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rxtphupuvqzyylxg,demonion,wilhelm.freenode.net
rmcadams,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yxljqgewezbzxfmi,Ryan McAdams,adams.freenode.net
gollen,159.226.5.129,gollen,card.freenode.net
_S4MUR4I_,191.40.95.58,s4mur4i,orwell.freenode.net
mypapit,power.betul.mypapit.net,Mohammad Hafiz Ismail mypapit,asimov.freenode.net
shivers,c80-216-57-116.bredband.comhem.se,shivers,weber.freenode.net
altin,flossk/altin,realname,card.freenode.net
derfoh51,179.33.196.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,derfoh,verne.freenode.net
ycarene,174-126-166-184.cpe.cableone.net,John Porterfield,leguin.freenode.net
neunon,unaffiliated/neunon,Steven Noonan,card.freenode.net
h4writer_,78-22-29-202.access.telenet.be,h4writer,hitchcock.freenode.net
dn`,b2b-94-79-140-107.unitymedia.biz,dn,card.freenode.net
dellavg,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::7:400f,Gianluca,adams.freenode.net
Nokaji,host-78-144-235-163.as13285.net,purple,asimov.freenode.net
lfrlucas,bl21-80-224.dsl.telepac.pt,lfrlucas,card.freenode.net
creat,unaffiliated/creat,Creator,adams.freenode.net
igordcard,box.igordcard.com,Igor Duarte Cardoso,asimov.freenode.net
Eddinn,89-160-191-75.du.xdsl.is,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
h12o,www7164u.blessedgeeks.org,HOSONO Hidetomo,asimov.freenode.net
Skyrider,51.255.15.43,Skyrider,asimov.freenode.net
mumixam,unaffiliated/mumixam,m,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tnli,kapsi.fi,Taneli Pirinen,weber.freenode.net
BluesKaj,unaffiliated/blueskaj,Kaj,card.freenode.net
Neotrans,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gxlftjresxwboqml,Neotrans_,barjavel.freenode.net
Beeelow,74.215.10.84,OG Phillyloaf Cavedweller Supreme,tepper.freenode.net
Emmanuel_Chanel,ZN025202.ppp.dion.ne.jp,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
masnell,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dnbtyneozhpqhfzm,Matthew@XLTech,wilhelm.freenode.net
klaas,simply.kla.as,klaas,kornbluth.freenode.net
sinduck,ec2-35-161-27-115.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,bouncer,barjavel.freenode.net
magg,89-156-35-178.rev.numericable.fr,Miguel Alejandro González,hitchcock.freenode.net
RyanKnack,unaffiliated/ryanknack,Ryan,sinisalo.freenode.net
hx_,han.sx,han.sx,orwell.freenode.net
flyinprogrammer,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ghhlcwqyxlkuvdln,Alan S,adams.freenode.net
Laif,unaffiliated/laif,mp,card.freenode.net
Zerant,5.196.237.209,Zerant,wilhelm.freenode.net
enyc,muddle.enyc.org.uk,enyc,sinisalo.freenode.net
hxm,unaffiliated/hackemate,hxm,leguin.freenode.net
hanasaki,pool-71-185-36-83.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,purple,leguin.freenode.net
killtheliterate,gateway/shell/firrre/x-otakugwphupoeoig,Karamazov,niven.freenode.net
zanshin,krayt.ome.ksu.edu,Mark Nichols,card.freenode.net
eddy83,5.196.211.95,eddy83,niven.freenode.net
Khisanth,pool-108-46-5-134.nycmny.east.verizon.net,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
LegendThinker,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-grqklmruxyvzkfhl,LegendThinker,adams.freenode.net
t0aster0ven,gateway/tor-sasl/iaeofjgskjb,I'mATree,zelazny.freenode.net
underyx,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::58:7001,Bence Nagy,karatkievich.freenode.net
kerozene,unaffiliated/kerozene,kerozene,card.freenode.net
Sprocks,bmtnon3746w-lp130-01-70-49-35-68.dsl.bell.ca,Sprocks,karatkievich.freenode.net
pdm0205,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-euewqsdqebrdeafe,pdm0205,adams.freenode.net
BuildTheRobots,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mkwawcdiinmhgetm,Me,wolfe.freenode.net
Rochvellon,p5DE77FA5.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,undercover,barjavel.freenode.net
NET||abuse,srv1.labdigital.co.uk,luke,hitchcock.freenode.net
lindius,ptr-2hj4tbppr5g89yz8mstzn7qt6.ip6.access.telenet.be,lancey,sinisalo.freenode.net
ov|h_,ns328530.ip-37-187-114.eu,ouroumov,asimov.freenode.net
Stinky_Feet,h-60-204.a213.priv.bahnhof.se,stinkyfeet,orwell.freenode.net
slipperynick,unaffiliated/slipperynick,slip,hitchcock.freenode.net
prosody,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-okwbtnfulegpqetx,.'rosody Vereable Context(°,adams.freenode.net
ulkesh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hpmohvqkcniyopel,Ulkesh,wilhelm.freenode.net
panictest,38.103.165.41,panictest,card.freenode.net
Anthaas,unaffiliated/anthaas,ZNC 1.7.x,wolfe.freenode.net
Hellosun_,140.138.144.150,Hahaha,wilhelm.freenode.net
Guestie,ip68-106-2-35.ph.ph.cox.net,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dre,54.191.31.79,Paul Atkinson,verne.freenode.net
dimi34ka,pluton.bg3.biz,dimi34ka,tepper.freenode.net
tarzeau,mail.aiei.ch,Alex Myczko,weber.freenode.net
wonton,unaffiliated/wonton,wontron,wilhelm.freenode.net
KOD3N,freebsd/lover/kod3n,KOD3N,wolfe.freenode.net
magicalChicken,cpe-72-182-55-25.austin.res.rr.com,Wesley Wiedenmeier,rajaniemi.freenode.net
iJens,unaffiliated/ijens,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
Hawkerz,unaffiliated/hawkerz,Hawk,karatkievich.freenode.net
mike__,c-24-15-234-26.hsd1.il.comcast.net,mike,karatkievich.freenode.net
oklolz,gateway/web/freenode/ip.190.163.152.120,190.163.152.120 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
TrentP,c-24-20-192-103.hsd1.or.comcast.net,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
mfyll,2001:bc8:2523:101::201,Marius,wolfe.freenode.net
afru_,72-238-119-188.res.bhn.net,afru__,orwell.freenode.net
pkiller,unaffiliated/pkiller,pkiller,weber.freenode.net
Croepha,unaffiliated/croepha,DB,asimov.freenode.net
ariver,bouncy.runsthruit.com,Aaron River,barjavel.freenode.net
Defaultti,lakka.kapsi.fi,Defaultti,rajaniemi.freenode.net
blacknred0,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-ftydqvijgpfucrxj,blacknred0,wilhelm.freenode.net
deathleff,itservice-schaefer.de,Raoul Duke,kornbluth.freenode.net
ducasse,unaffiliated/ducasse,petter,asimov.freenode.net
nexus,s-milov.ru,Сергей,karatkievich.freenode.net
NegativeFlare,host-66-112-163-26.nctv.com,flare183_freenode,leguin.freenode.net
nikow,129.ip-51-255-160.eu,nikow,asimov.freenode.net
bradjones,unaffiliated/jab,Bradley Jones,tepper.freenode.net
djvdorp,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-clpquavlrkhqmcit,djvdorp,adams.freenode.net
net-filter-32,2602:306:32e8:f660:6150:20a0:353c:fb33,32-Net,leguin.freenode.net
Wizek_,catv-89-132-132-110.catv.broadband.hu,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
WinDu1965,d54c4bf1b.access.telenet.be,BSurinx,karatkievich.freenode.net
nolash,ip5f5bf7fe.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
xet7,80-186-211-140.elisa-mobile.fi,realname,adams.freenode.net
Ricardus,69.201.72.201,Rich Vincent,wilhelm.freenode.net
Lildirt,lildirt.com,Lildirt,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zzarr,h83-209-217-68.cust.se.alltele.net,Rasmus Jonsson,hitchcock.freenode.net
RebelCoder,cpc74579-lewi13-2-0-cust201.2-4.cable.virginm.net,Space,wilhelm.freenode.net
sl4ppy,47.189.23.94,realname,asimov.freenode.net
michagogo,wikia/Michagogo,Micha,wilhelm.freenode.net
ricmm,5.145.175.126,Ricardo Mendoza,adams.freenode.net
Renegade334,unaffiliated/renegade334,iter non destinatum fruere,verne.freenode.net
EncryptedCurse,2001:41d0:1:68a3::42,EncryptedCurse,adams.freenode.net
tr0gd0r,unaffiliated/tr0gd0r,...,wilhelm.freenode.net
WizardGed,unaffiliated/wizardged,Quit Being Nosy,karatkievich.freenode.net
chrisw957,184.180.237.194,chris,orwell.freenode.net
malkauns,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wvbxbsjrweghbllr,malkauns,sinisalo.freenode.net
KajiMaster,104-1-88-163.lightspeed.sntcca.sbcglobal.net,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
jrib1,upstream/dev/jrib,jrib,karatkievich.freenode.net
zamba,flage.org,Marius Flage,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mescon,unaffiliated/mescon,mescon,hitchcock.freenode.net
cyberorg,opensuse/member/Cyberorg,cyberorg,wolfe.freenode.net
kriskropd,unaffiliated/kriskropd,kris,weber.freenode.net
subterfugium,nise.fi,Pea Tear Griffin,leguin.freenode.net
meaning,cream.seedhost.eu,meaning,karatkievich.freenode.net
SchrodingersScat,unaffiliated/schrodingersscat,SchrodingersScat,wolfe.freenode.net
BassToMouth,c-76-121-18-205.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,BassToMouth,sinisalo.freenode.net
nyuszika7h,lykos/dev/nyuszika7h,nyuszika7h,verne.freenode.net
kenrin,66.11.119.198,kenrin,weber.freenode.net
chalcedony,unaffiliated/chalcedony,Thesaurus,wilhelm.freenode.net
RattleBattle79,mail.con-form.no,RattleBattle79,verne.freenode.net
mlhess,drupal.org/user/102818/view,Michael Hess,tepper.freenode.net
natten,unaffiliated/jnatten,jn,leguin.freenode.net
cc1337,unaffiliated/cc1337,Faye_Valentine,orwell.freenode.net
elias_a,hilla.kapsi.fi,Elias Aarnio,wolfe.freenode.net
chachasmooth,unaffiliated/chachasmooth,chachasmooth,orwell.freenode.net
mhall119,ubuntu/member/mhall119,Michael Hall,barjavel.freenode.net
FameWolf,unaffiliated/famewolf,famewolf,wilhelm.freenode.net
djD3f,50-81-193-12.client.mchsi.com,Hi,wilhelm.freenode.net
Peetz0r,217-19-26-76.dsl.cambrium.nl,Peter,karatkievich.freenode.net
mundus2018,ec2-54-196-58-236.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Oops,weber.freenode.net
MrGeneral,unaffiliated/mrgeneral,MrGeneral,wolfe.freenode.net
xX0x431Xx`,109.237.24.57,xX0x431Xx,barjavel.freenode.net
pedrocr,zeus.corujas.net,Pedro Côrte-Real,card.freenode.net
CSWookie,gateway/web/freenode/ip.64.186.39.4,64.186.39.4 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
boost,ool-43555901.dyn.optonline.net,jsierra,wilhelm.freenode.net
jgabor,89.221.247.91,Jonathan Gabor,leguin.freenode.net
Guest13448,gateway/shell/firrre/x-ekugprdgzbrueufu,kudu,adams.freenode.net
coredump,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wzitxujmsctohplp,JJ,wilhelm.freenode.net
Marco,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-kdruopmrmkqiecsy,Marco,weber.freenode.net
allorder,unaffiliated/allorder,allorder,hitchcock.freenode.net
Tristam,bodhilinux/team/Tristam,Tristam Hunter,rajaniemi.freenode.net
scam,24.154.70.234,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
gadget_,186.188.142.91,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
jback,shell-eun.jhq.io,Jasper Backer (jhq),asimov.freenode.net
KnightsOfNi,185.21.217.77,Yo,wilhelm.freenode.net
tobsterius,tutrone.io,toby,wolfe.freenode.net
intx,unaffiliated/intx,intx,tepper.freenode.net
Anja,49.50.252.82,Anja,hitchcock.freenode.net
DzAirmaX,unaffiliated/dzairmax,DzAirmaX,barjavel.freenode.net
pfoo,unaffiliated/pfoo,chaos monkey daemon - the pute killer,wolfe.freenode.net
dark_101,vod2072567231.demon.co.uk,pi,karatkievich.freenode.net
robgraves,unaffiliated/robgraves,robgraves,karatkievich.freenode.net
de-facto,gateway/tor-sasl/de-facto,de-facto,zelazny.freenode.net
chrstphrchvz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ugkfbbojvxlzieaw,Christopher Chavez,tepper.freenode.net
rdegges,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rfeuliybqrmzkhyn,Randall Degges,sinisalo.freenode.net
boshhead,unaffiliated/boshhead,boshhead,karatkievich.freenode.net
Ool,unaffiliated/ool,Ool,karatkievich.freenode.net
akxwi-dave,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mixxkkkzwgjiasfj,Dave Pearson,sinisalo.freenode.net
rekoil,itphone.edstud.chalmers.se,bjugard,orwell.freenode.net
Arrghus,h-155-4-135-49.na.cust.bahnhof.se,realname,adams.freenode.net
darrenwu,206.35.213.162.lcy-02.canonistack.canonical.com,DarrenWu,rajaniemi.freenode.net
konrados,daq237.neoplus.adsl.tpnet.pl,konrados,hitchcock.freenode.net
LippyLee,unaffiliated/lippylee,Lippy Lee,card.freenode.net
ahoneybun,ubuntu/member/ahoneybun,Aaron Honeycutt,weber.freenode.net
bananad,2f.9f.2ea9.ip4.static.sl-reverse.com,none,adams.freenode.net
stan_man_can,159.203.250.194,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
ritztech,69.194.133.98,ritztech,niven.freenode.net
forkup,unaffiliated/forkup,DeD-SeKc,hitchcock.freenode.net
andyjones2001,rudge.apj.me.uk,Andrew Jones,niven.freenode.net
LargePixels,ec2-52-4-179-143.compute-1.amazonaws.com,EC2 Default User,card.freenode.net
Retr0,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gzemhrzmdjovexpw,Gabriel Foss,sinisalo.freenode.net
fl3sh,unaffiliated/fl4sh,fl3sh,verne.freenode.net
chrisml,unaffiliated/chrisml,chris,card.freenode.net
isene,128.199.49.139,Geir Isene,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mandje,s55962016.adsl.online.nl,mandje,rajaniemi.freenode.net
barq,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-azoagbtfnxzvopnn,barq,verne.freenode.net
vicarion,dyn-118-138-198-83.its.monash.edu.au,net,hitchcock.freenode.net
marlo_,static-71-170-246-90.dlls.tx.frontiernet.net,Mark Petryk,verne.freenode.net
Logicwax,c-76-126-174-152.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,HotLog,wolfe.freenode.net
Hertog,sandervankasteel.nl,sander,hitchcock.freenode.net
l0rdkermit,c-24-20-48-252.hsd1.or.comcast.net,l0rdkermit,weber.freenode.net
lilstevie,2a03:b0c0:2:d0::1d5:9001,null,niven.freenode.net
JonathanD,freenode/staff/jonathand,fish,asimov.freenode.net
xar-,2001:4800:7815:103:f0d7:c55:ff05:60e8,xar,sinisalo.freenode.net
Mathis,p4FE680F3.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Mathis,karatkievich.freenode.net
edong23,mptc-dhcp-50-50.mptelco.com,edong23,barjavel.freenode.net
rhol,devinschwab.com,rhol,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Dworf,dsl-trebng12-b04887-223.dhcp.inet.fi,Dworffi,sinisalo.freenode.net
bswartz,98.122.139.152,purple,karatkievich.freenode.net
Spydar007,unaffiliated/spydar007,Darcy Marshall,card.freenode.net
nnnn20430,lightning.bouncer.ml,nnnn,adams.freenode.net
jackhumm,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-erbxmdesejurwlud,jackhumm,wilhelm.freenode.net
anders_,213.132.98.41,Anders Öhlander,leguin.freenode.net
cmdshftn,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe84:703f,Al,wilhelm.freenode.net
dumle29,107.161.172.35,candy,barjavel.freenode.net
atralheaven,37.48.90.208,atralheaven,adams.freenode.net
webuser5225,193.111.139.209,webuser5224,verne.freenode.net
basilAB,2001:558:fc0a:100:f816:3eff:fef5:ae2e,bbaby000,sinisalo.freenode.net
marlos,static-71-170-246-90.dlls.tx.frontiernet.net,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
aubsec,159.203.132.122,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
PeterReid,2001:41d0:2:e845::,Peter,wilhelm.freenode.net
anuxivm,92.177.99.40,purple,weber.freenode.net
iGeni,50702E2F.cm-14.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Textual User,asimov.freenode.net
SPeedY,ool-944ad5b2.dyn.optonline.net,Me,leguin.freenode.net
MrCoder,host81-149-82-212.in-addr.btopenworld.com,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
yeats,unaffiliated/yeats,Chris Sharp,hitchcock.freenode.net
madwizard,217.8.185.189,Damian Wojslaw,rajaniemi.freenode.net
xtreamwayz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-opymftqlagirzzct,Geert Eltink,adams.freenode.net
davetcoleman,cs244-52-dhcp.cs.colorado.edu,Dave Coleman,orwell.freenode.net
rostam,2001:420:30a:440b:99e5:2a30:eeec:9a18,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
BladeBoy,2600:1:f50e:46cd:b03d:52b3:15a4:c9fc,Android IRC Client,leguin.freenode.net
Zachary_DuBois,yukimorikawa.zacharydubois.net,Zachary DuBois,barjavel.freenode.net
mehdi___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-inbtdeeftripmmpf,dasmehdi,karatkievich.freenode.net
somepoortech,72-0-128-202.static.firstlight.net,Jon,barjavel.freenode.net
gluytium,45.63.76.107,is a fictional supervillain,card.freenode.net
anirban,unaffiliated/apostasy,realname,weber.freenode.net
hron84,51B6D11E.dsl.pool.telekom.hu,purple,leguin.freenode.net
SupaYoshi,104.223.1.186,SupaYoshi,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jhill_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-slzklovnamtlnexo,Jason Hill,wilhelm.freenode.net
OpenSorce,unaffiliated/opensorce,opensorce,asimov.freenode.net
ShadowStruck,silentdarkness.net,ShadowStruck,card.freenode.net
Dynetrekk,195.1.58.109,Dynetrekk,wilhelm.freenode.net
akik,dsl-tkubrasgw1-50df6b-252.dhcp.inet.fi,akik,tepper.freenode.net
Speed`,mistry.tech,Shivam Mistry,card.freenode.net
wook_,195.174.180.237,wook,weber.freenode.net
digitalw00t,47.185.139.236,falgout,wilhelm.freenode.net
tolecnal,france.xiro.net,Old Grumpy Fart,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dancingdemon__,37.106.89.197,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
bencevans,unaffiliated/bencevans,Ben Evans,tepper.freenode.net
JuJuBee,gateway/web/freenode/ip.74.76.14.74,cpe-74-76-14-74.nycap.res.rr.com/74.76.14.74,herbert.freenode.net
Retr1,h-155-4-134-173.na.cust.bahnhof.se,Gabriel,adams.freenode.net
Willis,107.161.160.241,Willis,adams.freenode.net
wildc4rd,host86-155-33-10.range86-155.btcentralplus.com,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Lantizia,cpc89840-stok20-2-0-cust9.1-4.cable.virginm.net,realname,card.freenode.net
wolfmitchell,unaffiliated/wolfmitchell,MitchZNC,card.freenode.net
treehug88,cpe-68-173-227-135.nyc.res.rr.com,Textual User,barjavel.freenode.net
uebera||,unaffiliated/ueberall,Markus Ueberall,niven.freenode.net
SleePy,simplemachines/siteteam/SleePy,SleePy,niven.freenode.net
froike,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-bwhvpvlqcnfydxdg,froike,wilhelm.freenode.net
tnarg,ec2-54-163-186-70.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Grant Kirkwood,hitchcock.freenode.net
pavlushka,ubuntu/member/pavlushka,Pavel Sayekat,tepper.freenode.net
ouroumov,lrc4-000206.univ-avignon.fr,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
yotis,47.150.150.177,Yotis,hitchcock.freenode.net
Feren^IRCCloud,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fvngropqutmsrtfr,SeongTae Jeong,sinisalo.freenode.net
cibs,118-163-170-73.HINET-IP.hinet.net,cibs,roddenberry.freenode.net
iptable,88.98.86.161,Robert Glonek,wilhelm.freenode.net
squeakyneb,bennym.net,bennym,verne.freenode.net
dsung1,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe70:c65f,dsung,niven.freenode.net
shazzr,ti0086a430-3697.bb.online.no,shazzr,sinisalo.freenode.net
andyrock,ubuntu/member/andyrock,Andrea Azzarone,wilhelm.freenode.net
davimore_,176-229-128-083.dynamic.caiway.nl,david,niven.freenode.net
daltenty,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cnkfrwtcdnaitjof,David Tenty,adams.freenode.net
pedrovian,8.27.210.16,realname,adams.freenode.net
athaller,1.rz17.hetzner.thaller.ws,Alexander Thaller,adams.freenode.net
Mo0O,unaffiliated/mo0o,steeve,niven.freenode.net
dfused,nc-184-0-129-199.dhcp.embarqhsd.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
gravyv,cpe-24-193-65-235.nyc.res.rr.com,...,niven.freenode.net
m0ltar,159.203.35.170,m0ltar,barjavel.freenode.net
mave_,unaffiliated/mave/x-8614856,Marcel,wilhelm.freenode.net
MrCodeDev,unaffiliated/mrcodedev,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
dinoocch,cvgateway.utdallas.edu,dinoocch,orwell.freenode.net
aloril,dsl-tkubrasgw1-54fa3f-129.dhcp.inet.fi,Aloril,card.freenode.net
woodruffw,unaffiliated/cpt-yossarian/x-8375832,William Woodruff,asimov.freenode.net
bad_ip,unaffiliated/bad-ip/x-3702687,bad_ip,tepper.freenode.net
SaltySolomon,2a04:1980:3100:1aab:290:faff:fe70:a534,Mon,niven.freenode.net
bildramer,p2003004D2B28FF00908C45D007EBC632.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,...,niven.freenode.net
am0nrahx,unaffiliated/am0nrahx,am0nrahx,sinisalo.freenode.net
MadPsy,unaffiliated/madpsy-/x-5109697,MadPsy,card.freenode.net
Kow,c-76-113-232-171.hsd1.mn.comcast.net,Kow,orwell.freenode.net
sv--,int13h.nerdhotel.com,Schorsch Viktorowitschki,verne.freenode.net
max3,38.98.117.68,realname,verne.freenode.net
Elysion,124-171-185-20.dyn.iinet.net.au,Elysion,roddenberry.freenode.net
th0r,tx-184-7-56-237.dhcp.embarqhsd.net,Odinsson,sinisalo.freenode.net
stryx`,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,stryx,karatkievich.freenode.net
FlyOnTheWall,a88-112-245-93.elisa-laajakaista.fi,FlyOnTheWall,wilhelm.freenode.net
kolega,host-92-8-104-236.as43234.net,kolega,niven.freenode.net
Qwertie,unaffiliated/qwertie,Qwertie,rajaniemi.freenode.net
fr0st,henoxek.ru,fr0st,niven.freenode.net
Gnurdux,c-73-149-20-29.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
evade,c-73-65-238-158.hsd1.ut.comcast.net,realname,card.freenode.net
netlar,ip68-5-189-4.oc.oc.cox.net,Larry Wells,card.freenode.net
JohnAgosta,2601:282:8000:100e:2467:7267:2d76:3225,John Agosta,wilhelm.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
bigmstone,ether.bigmstone.com,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
falz,rainbowdivider.com,falz,card.freenode.net
olafh,pD9E6FE4D.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Olaf Hey,tepper.freenode.net
Birosso,unaffiliated/birosso,...,orwell.freenode.net
laserbeak4445,185.149.90.84,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
NeverTired,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gzjmferqpzagcsmj,John A.,niven.freenode.net
ShoaibJahejo,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-eavllgqagcqaadel,ShoaibJahejo,karatkievich.freenode.net
decoder,46.4.109.83,decoder,orwell.freenode.net
jake_,jakob.su,jakob,orwell.freenode.net
znf,unu.card-sharing.eu,Bogdan,barjavel.freenode.net
MAHDTech,61.68.118.29,realname,leguin.freenode.net
devcoffee,j236733.servers.jiffybox.net,Volker A�mann,orwell.freenode.net
Jlye,cpe-74-79-203-131.twcny.res.rr.com,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
le_pig,ec2-52-91-46-134.compute-1.amazonaws.com,le_pig,karatkievich.freenode.net
Adbray,2001:470:1f11:def:a931:1193:9f11:ff0c,Adbray,karatkievich.freenode.net
DDR,ec2.happyspork.com,David,wolfe.freenode.net
snkcld,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jxjnelgogpxeeqfg,john doe,wilhelm.freenode.net
Madars,unaffiliated/madars,Madars,karatkievich.freenode.net
benniblanco,pool-100-37-168-192.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,realname,verne.freenode.net
tekgeek,63-230-61-72.desm.qwest.net,tekgeek,barjavel.freenode.net
cloud_,49.35.148.86,cloud,barjavel.freenode.net
ioria,87.19.228.210,hurt_locker,niven.freenode.net
CrazyEddy,wrongplanet/CrazyEddy,Lovelorn Gothic Darkness, Anarcrat, INtP.,tepper.freenode.net
Attoy,ybox00.ybox.it,Are you curious?,barjavel.freenode.net
trijntje,ubuntu/member/trijntje,trijntje,,,,wolfe.freenode.net
or4n,qkka.org,Lasse Toimela,karatkievich.freenode.net
Guest1564,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-anhfwfmjkswskvsx,drzel,sinisalo.freenode.net
jack,geta90.static.otenet.gr,Your Name,asimov.freenode.net
Sylhouette,92-111-79-242.static.chello.nl,Johan,asimov.freenode.net
stevenm,195.62.218.30,realname,card.freenode.net
nesthib,unaffiliated/nesthib,nesthib,barjavel.freenode.net
mwd,unaffiliated/mwd,mwd,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tuna-Fish,tuna.kortex.jyu.fi,Antti-Ville Tuunainen,leguin.freenode.net
rolandnsharp,ec2-54-92-180-63.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Roland N Sharp,card.freenode.net
arunpyasi,gateway/shell/hiyabnc/x-momuflepkicnvalj,arunpyasi,barjavel.freenode.net
jwash,109.201.138.247,jwash,verne.freenode.net
maddawg2,95.211.172.97.adsl.inet-telecom.org,realname,leguin.freenode.net
amcsi_,2E8B6E44.catv.pool.telekom.hu,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
zoolook,181.169.112.113,Norberto Bensa,tepper.freenode.net
hellslinger,c-98-249-84-103.hsd1.nm.comcast.net,realname,tepper.freenode.net
VoidWhisperer,unaffiliated/voidwhisperer,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mcs__,cpc16-hawk12-2-0-cust146.18-1.cable.virginm.net,matthew,leguin.freenode.net
skweek,68-200-146-225.res.bhn.net,realname,card.freenode.net
nubcake,dslb-188-098-239-213.188.098.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Alex,verne.freenode.net
ra21vi,182.69.207.74,realname,orwell.freenode.net
raj,unaffiliated/cypha,raj,weber.freenode.net
lsyoyom,unaffiliated/lsyoyom,liny01,wolfe.freenode.net
Ig0r,MIND.THE.GAP.NIEE.INFO,,adams.freenode.net
adapter,ec2-35-163-52-140.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Chris Sullivan,adams.freenode.net
PryMaL,ppp203-122-217-95.static.internode.on.net,Phil Tann,wilhelm.freenode.net
hggdh,ubuntu/member/hggdh,C de-Avillez,leguin.freenode.net
schoenemann,service.basyskom.com,Lutz Schoenemann,karatkievich.freenode.net
ochorocho__,p54B342B6.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,ochorocho__,verne.freenode.net
SuperLag,unaffiliated/superlag,Aaron Kulbe,wilhelm.freenode.net
barnito,2604:6000:120d:3c:2594:3e6:4e5c:af6,barnito,roddenberry.freenode.net
ThJ,thj.no,Thor Harald Johansen,niven.freenode.net
NoCode,unaffiliated/nocode,realname,weber.freenode.net
ToBeCloud,wikimedia/ToBeFree,ToBeFree,adams.freenode.net
for{},unaffiliated/gangalo,realname,verne.freenode.net
sappel,x590d55b6.dyn.telefonica.de,realname,leguin.freenode.net
Anticimex,netforce.millnert.se,Ask...,barjavel.freenode.net
DHD,deimos.bg3.biz,DHD,hitchcock.freenode.net
msodrew,cpe-66-108-39-12.nyc.res.rr.com,Drew Lustro,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cyboman33,static.82.251.47.78.clients.your-server.de,Unknown-Command,orwell.freenode.net
warpx,warp-x.com,warpx,orwell.freenode.net
fireball```,c49-177-40-65.dandn3.vic.optusnet.com.au,realname,verne.freenode.net
Zialus,117.26.60.94.rev.vodafone.pt,RMF,barjavel.freenode.net
Pyrrhic,unaffiliated/pyrrhic,superuser,barjavel.freenode.net
drussell,cpc64957-brom9-2-0-cust940.16-1.cable.virginm.net,Dave Russell,weber.freenode.net
rcj,104.198.22.245,Robert Jennings,hitchcock.freenode.net
DonRichie,ricl.de,DonRichie,wilhelm.freenode.net
TheOrangeOne,cloud.theorangeone.net,Jake,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bynarie,irc.androidhackers.org,Heath Jones,barjavel.freenode.net
karthyk,2620:1e8:2:1::2fa,karthyk,wolfe.freenode.net
parsnip,unaffiliated/parsnip,parsnip,adams.freenode.net
sayakb,gateway/shell/kde/x-ixaenrzgpudeacdy,Sayak Banerjee,adams.freenode.net
wkts,45.55.231.187,wkts,niven.freenode.net
ren0v0,host81-155-43-128.range81-155.btcentralplus.com,ren0v0,tepper.freenode.net
xMopxShell,192.95.23.134,xMopxShell,asimov.freenode.net
niko,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.niko,Nicolas Coevoet,weber.freenode.net
irv,unaffiliated/irv,irv,weber.freenode.net
AMZ_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ixjetggwtfveavbp,Amad Ali,wolfe.freenode.net
muh-die-kuh,2001:41d0:51:1::ed7,Hans-Christian Otto,wilhelm.freenode.net
jero-,d54c0ab08.access.telenet.be,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
Klumben,elmo.stole-your.pw,you,wilhelm.freenode.net
Acn0w,kahlan.mapreri.org,Alessandro,niven.freenode.net
Moscherkobold,roath.org,Moscherkobold,tepper.freenode.net
_Qube_,cpc96770-rdng27-2-0-cust232.15-3.cable.virginm.net,LordLockhart,verne.freenode.net
bfiller,pool-173-48-176-25.bstnma.fios.verizon.net,realname,niven.freenode.net
loki_,176.212.88.128,realname,card.freenode.net
vlt,lvps87-230-93-209.dedicated.hosteurope.de,nobody,wilhelm.freenode.net
lewurm,wien.tomnetworks.com,Bernhard Urban,weber.freenode.net
jgornick,li373-224.members.linode.com,Joe Gornick,weber.freenode.net
gcollura,c03.gcollura.com,Giulio,asimov.freenode.net
Smedles,CPE-58-160-77-59.ssqn1.lon.bigpond.net.au,Paul Smedley,weber.freenode.net
Bayangan,103.47.135.92,Prastowo aGung Widodo,barjavel.freenode.net
copec,schrodbox.unaen.org,copec,asimov.freenode.net
subhojit777,182.77.115.49,realname,asimov.freenode.net
rotzbub,pikachu.piratenpartei.at,nix,orwell.freenode.net
Voltasalt,5.101.100.240,Why do you care?,wolfe.freenode.net
dlb76,unaffiliated/dlb76,dlb76,rajaniemi.freenode.net
DK2,rs000042.fastrootserver.de,DK2,karatkievich.freenode.net
eycsigfy,ip156.ip-167-114-23.net,Eat your cornbread, son. It's good for ya.,tepper.freenode.net
weltall,planeshift/developer/weltall,weltall,roddenberry.freenode.net
RaptorJesus,unaffiliated/raptorjesus,RaptorJesus,tepper.freenode.net
jair,124x35x59x226.ap124.ftth.ucom.ne.jp,Jair Bolivar,leguin.freenode.net
JStoker,unaffiliated/jstoker,JStoker,niven.freenode.net
kspencer,unaffiliated/kspencer,Iota,adams.freenode.net
craigify,162.216.46.113,Craig,orwell.freenode.net
nicoulaj,2a01:cb15:8281:8a00:d349:122f:d366:b85b,Julien Nicoulaud,adams.freenode.net
BKuhl,pool-74-105-69-4.nwrknj.fios.verizon.net,Brad K,verne.freenode.net
stub,canonical/launchpad/stub,Stuart Bishop,card.freenode.net
jonsson_,91.108.183.2,Karl Jonsson,tepper.freenode.net
pesari,gateway/shell/tkk.fi/x-jcziplcelpdgtdsu,Mikko Pesari,orwell.freenode.net
gazzerh,hyperion.gazzerh.co.uk,garryh,card.freenode.net
orfeo,2a02:7aa0:1619::f498:8303,root,niven.freenode.net
Sorch,unaffiliated/sorch,Sorch,barjavel.freenode.net
posi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-skpxkoeoowbdusda,posi,leguin.freenode.net
labrador,unaffiliated/labrador,labrador,wolfe.freenode.net
peterrooney,S0106001ff341c9a8.gv.shawcable.net,peter rooney,orwell.freenode.net
hypnotic,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lqvwihgshbhwtfup,Hypnotic,karatkievich.freenode.net
isp_,unaffiliated/isp-/x-9080545,isp_,card.freenode.net
OliPicard,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vpizfvwciqgyfzdc,OliPicard,rajaniemi.freenode.net
vp1,nat/arm/x-sjxgowabfbbpnplf,Vidya Praveen,wilhelm.freenode.net
vp0,nat/arm/x-qxikwnubyfizvyvb,Vidya Praveen,wilhelm.freenode.net
percY-,138.68.7.139,percY,wilhelm.freenode.net
HalfEatenPie,unaffiliated/halfeatenpie,HalfEatenPie,karatkievich.freenode.net
Guest1290,89.34.99.134,Guest1290,asimov.freenode.net
odish,brambi.net,odi,orwell.freenode.net
xo_odin,172.98.78.58,...,asimov.freenode.net
joyceg,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hhnmchssjzlptzdd,geojoy,karatkievich.freenode.net
Buffman,my.irc-bit.ch,No One,niven.freenode.net
gdelecourt,cable-85.28.81.232.coditel.net,Guillaume Delecourt,card.freenode.net
nicanaca0,141.170.12.36,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jhenke,2a04:ce40:100:da::101:5,Jan Henke,niven.freenode.net
dcmorton,104.130.124.79,Derek Morton,card.freenode.net
Xjs|moonshine,chrysostomos.aoide.de,Jannis Andrija Schnitzer,leguin.freenode.net
aarontc,2001:470:e893::1:1,aarontc,sinisalo.freenode.net
vox,unaffiliated/vox,what what?,barjavel.freenode.net
insecta,a88-114-3-55.elisa-laajakaista.fi,Olli Stop,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gyre007,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gdagbcxhrtigdnsk,Donnie Brasco,wilhelm.freenode.net
Bnaya,unaffiliated/bnaya,Bnaya Peretz,wilhelm.freenode.net
damian,unaffiliated/damian,damian,leguin.freenode.net
samfty,61.68.59.26,samfty,verne.freenode.net
lunagirl,ayaka.nerdgirl.pink,Lunagirl,verne.freenode.net
graingert,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qhhchdlxczkquuam,Thomas Grainger,wilhelm.freenode.net
Numline1,unaffiliated/numline1,Anakonda,wilhelm.freenode.net
Qasker,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-xjjrigctomtjfmsk,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,leguin.freenode.net
irwiss,2001:19f0:6c00:90d9:5400:ff:fe27:43bb,Alex,leguin.freenode.net
Threads,2001:41d0:a:64b2::1,Threads,adams.freenode.net
ivyyy,1.34.213.162.lcy-01.canonistack.canonical.com,ivy alexander,wolfe.freenode.net
kyle__,schmitt.ninja,kyle,rajaniemi.freenode.net
knidos,78.181.218.230,knidos,card.freenode.net
YY_Bozhinsky,unaffiliated/yy-bozhinsky/x-285352,Yury Y. Bozhinsky,card.freenode.net
dreamseeker_,4E5C772F.dsl.pool.telekom.hu,dreamseeker,card.freenode.net
CtrlC,unaffiliated/ctrlc,CtrlC,sinisalo.freenode.net
georgeowell,unaffiliated/georgeowell,dimension,adams.freenode.net
zsmithnyc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kifxsbfkkmrgwzzl,Zachary Smith,tepper.freenode.net
unga,2a03:b0c0:2:d0::313:a001,giulioungareti,karatkievich.freenode.net
StatelessCat,unaffiliated/statelesscat,catcatcat,niven.freenode.net
bendikz,unaffiliated/bendikz,Bendik,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sarek,hos.hostify.org,Sarek,asimov.freenode.net
DarkSoul,denrei.darkbsd.org,Anryou Yaminosuke,weber.freenode.net
shah,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-hbwbcocbzszdqvfb,shah linux,karatkievich.freenode.net
saschpe,opensuse/member/saschpe,Sascha Peilicke,kornbluth.freenode.net
blaisebool,octavia.celestia.licorn.eu,blaisebool,card.freenode.net
BlackoutIsHere|O,znc.blackout.pw,BlackoutIsHere-freenode,wilhelm.freenode.net
ujjain,unaffiliated/ujjain,ujjain,niven.freenode.net
thepengwin,unaffiliated/thepengwin,Articus Pengwin,roddenberry.freenode.net
Narwhaal,188.166.150.103,gear4,barjavel.freenode.net
ZeekHuge,59.88.169.3,Zubeen Tolani,tepper.freenode.net
mariogrip,ubuntu/member/mariogrip,Marius Gripsgard,adams.freenode.net
gokhan,88.255.171.68,gokhan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Fleet,unaffiliated/fleetflame,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
icedwater,unaffiliated/icedwater,iced,orwell.freenode.net
wting,162.243.221.221,William Ting,karatkievich.freenode.net
Karunamon,isengard.tkware.us,Nya?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
NGC_6205,156.26.248.128,NGC6205,verne.freenode.net
clopez,neutrino.es,clopez,verne.freenode.net
quackgyver,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-swtrwnvaheiefnef,quackgyver,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rjb,77-58-199-99.dclient.hispeed.ch,rjb,weber.freenode.net
pizzaops,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ujtmxxtqbtdadtxb,Zee Alexander,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ColdKeyboard,bas2-toronto26-184-147-226-210.dsl.bell.ca,ColdKeyboard,barjavel.freenode.net
Ishaq,budgetnode/management,Ishaq,wolfe.freenode.net
giraffe,gateway/shell/firrre/x-priqdhkweggqsqus,skarn,asimov.freenode.net
Newfire_,p50842467.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Newfire,tepper.freenode.net
b3kN,unaffiliated/b3kn,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Infamous,185.38.14.119,Flo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kalen_not-here,216.98.4.170,Kalen,barjavel.freenode.net
rohan,97-120-230-9.ptld.qwest.net,Rohan,hitchcock.freenode.net
hurricanehrndz,znc.techbyte.ca,Carlos Hernandez,kornbluth.freenode.net
ianychoi,118.46.26.190,Ian Y. Choi,wilhelm.freenode.net
designbybeck,74.197.67.210,designbybeck,adams.freenode.net
BobbyJr,robsworld.plus.com,BobbyJr,niven.freenode.net
B3REND,37-97-236-115.colo.transip.net,n00b,wilhelm.freenode.net
Fuchs,freenode/staff/fuchs,Christian,karatkievich.freenode.net
ddellav,citadel.qubitlogic.net,David Della Vecchia,verne.freenode.net
blake_r,blake-irc.vindeka.com,Blake,,,,karatkievich.freenode.net
quinward,user183.c4.hrastnik.kabelnet.net,Defiant,verne.freenode.net
Bogdar,91.204.13.253,Bogdan,card.freenode.net
zanshin_,ip68-102-23-189.ks.ok.cox.net,Textual User,karatkievich.freenode.net
AJ_Z0,pdpc/supporter/professional/ajz0,Andrew J. Caines,wilhelm.freenode.net
Qommand0r,unaffiliated/schaap137,HENKiE,niven.freenode.net
minitrue,unaffiliated/minitrue,minitrue,card.freenode.net
axsuul,104-3-23-193.lightspeed.irvnca.sbcglobal.net,axsuul,verne.freenode.net
Echo6,206.167.71.170,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Helheim,static-ip-69-64-50-156.inaddr.ip-pool.com,Galder,sinisalo.freenode.net
darxun,crew.of.the.worldwide.famous.micros0ft.dk,darxun,niven.freenode.net
lilvim,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-ukmoioidshmzkjxt,lilvim,wilhelm.freenode.net
NickG365,cortex.starlabs.theflash.rocks,NickG365,adams.freenode.net
johnzorn,108.175.230.3,johnzorn,wolfe.freenode.net
reveredge,111.119.209.209,realname,card.freenode.net
handaxe,c83-248-25-46.bredband.comhem.se,*,verne.freenode.net
sorinello,unaffiliated/sorinello,sorinello@Battlestar,wolfe.freenode.net
barry_lightnet,178.16.196.2,Barry O'Donovan,weber.freenode.net
snufft,27-33-254-86.static.tpgi.com.au,realname,niven.freenode.net
gacekjk,unaffiliated/jkuchars,gacekjk,karatkievich.freenode.net
kbdkode,unaffiliated/kbdkode,kbdkode,leguin.freenode.net
bobe,port-92-205-202-194.dynamic.qsc.de,bobe,asimov.freenode.net
cvr-,58.161.198.38,cvr,card.freenode.net
yena,fsf/member/yena,Secret,wilhelm.freenode.net
adamhopkins,nat/google/x-hheyguumalevxixe,Adam Hopkins,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cloaked1,unaffiliated/cloaked,jimconn,orwell.freenode.net
falken1,AMontpellier-654-1-80-68.w90-0.abo.wanadoo.fr,falken,wilhelm.freenode.net
ksx4system,eris.mgst.eu,Krzysztof Staniorowski,orwell.freenode.net
VadER,113.red-81-40-212.staticip.rima-tde.net,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
danilonc,unaffiliated/danilonc,danilonc,orwell.freenode.net
u0_a132_,AMontpellier-654-1-80-68.w90-0.abo.wanadoo.fr,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
dangerwolf2,unaffiliated/dangerwolf,dangerwolf,card.freenode.net
tfitts,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cawholhkknhbjevf,Tyler Fitts,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MK,unaffiliated/mk/x-7191235,MK,wilhelm.freenode.net
pankid,mail.nschoonover.com,Nicholas Schoonover,tepper.freenode.net
icedp,unaffiliated/icedp,_,barjavel.freenode.net
yokel,unaffiliated/contempt,yokel,wolfe.freenode.net
abra0,unaffiliated/abra0,abra_abra,kornbluth.freenode.net
cubic3,2001:41d0:8:d8e1::1,cubic,karatkievich.freenode.net
funabashi,103.219.22.121,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
nymony,2001:bc8:4700:2000::172f,Nymony,sinisalo.freenode.net
Zesty_,unaffiliated/zestybaby,Zesty,asimov.freenode.net
Kingsy,unaffiliated/kingsy101,Chris King,niven.freenode.net
rhonabwy,95.157.58.47.dynamic.cablesurf.de,Rhonabwy McNeill,tepper.freenode.net
markmarkmark,198.199.68.171,mark,verne.freenode.net
madsa,static-50-53-68-46.bvtn.or.frontiernet.net,mspaulding06,tepper.freenode.net
Inimesekene,host-92-0-177-162.as43234.net,Textual User,wilhelm.freenode.net
Cyber_Akuma,c-73-75-130-203.hsd1.il.comcast.net,...,niven.freenode.net
Researcher-,gtld.ovh,AnycastCloud v31919b - CF ID:awxa335,wilhelm.freenode.net
solidsnack,pdpc/supporter/active/solidsnack,Jason Dusek,adams.freenode.net
arlen,unaffiliated/arlen,arlen,wolfe.freenode.net
berglh,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/berglh,berglh,niven.freenode.net
Muflo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zwygwohikiyflpos,Muflo,wilhelm.freenode.net
atrius,24-179-81-84.dhcp.jcsn.tn.charter.com,atrius,barjavel.freenode.net
salamanderrake,2605:a000:1229:c036:e1e7:7a87:804c:9aaa,Salamander Purake,wolfe.freenode.net
PlasmaStar,unaffiliated/plasmastar,Jamie,hitchcock.freenode.net
Xethron,unaffiliated/xethron,Xethron,tepper.freenode.net
Yaiyan,46.101.48.31,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
BUSY,unaffiliated/busy,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
weaksauce,ip72-194-65-47.oc.oc.cox.net,now now,karatkievich.freenode.net
Aristide_,ns329373.ip-37-187-116.eu,Aristide,wilhelm.freenode.net
guntbert,pdpc/supporter/active/guntbert,re,sinisalo.freenode.net
huff3r,47.149.161.73,Huff3r,karatkievich.freenode.net
Len,n248h247.sprintdatacenter.net,Lenisko,niven.freenode.net
rebo,gateway/web/freenode/ip.80.10.51.48,80.10.51.48 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
xyrob,104.156.228.96,realname,card.freenode.net
bratner,bzq-79-177-9-238.red.bezeqint.net,bratner,wilhelm.freenode.net
bleomycin,141.0.169.84,bleo,karatkievich.freenode.net
tjsimmons,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jtjdwwosiyrpfree,T.J. Simmons,wolfe.freenode.net
duoi,unaffiliated/duoi,duoi,rajaniemi.freenode.net
t0mb0_,gateway/shell/firrre/x-rmsqoxnjggulehsf,t0mb0,wilhelm.freenode.net
altinu,91.187.107.242,realname,asimov.freenode.net
hdon_,68.110.137.138,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
liushuang,49.77.206.48,liushuang,orwell.freenode.net
holdsworth,unaffiliated/holdsworth,holdsworth,wilhelm.freenode.net
ribasushi,mujunyku.leporine.io,Peter Rabbitson,wolfe.freenode.net
Shaan7,kde/shantanu,Shantanu Tushar,adams.freenode.net
shakalaka,ec2-52-52-27-0.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,shakalaka,barjavel.freenode.net
PCatinean,178.165.128.180.wireless.dyn.drei.com,realname,asimov.freenode.net
dino82,unaffiliated/dino82,din0-freenode,karatkievich.freenode.net
dunk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ixrtheihgqarozml,Duncan Gordon,wolfe.freenode.net
ishigoya,system.ishigoya.com,石小屋,adams.freenode.net
squinty,S01069cd643d2c8a1.du.shawcable.net,realname,card.freenode.net
aleb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-huznlgjjmnouvbma,Alex,adams.freenode.net
anton-johansson,117.177.241.83.in-addr.dgcsystems.net,Anton Johansson,sinisalo.freenode.net
abhinand_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pcfexghmrvhnoukw,Abhinand,sinisalo.freenode.net
br00tal,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hlngvwfeedkyofnb,br00tal,wilhelm.freenode.net
apw,ubuntu/member/apw,apw,barjavel.freenode.net
lolada,otherreality.net,Destruction Also Breeds Creation,orwell.freenode.net
JeanSprouts,jap.moe,JustAPerson/freenode,barjavel.freenode.net
james000-,ns354110.ip-91-121-101.eu,james000-,niven.freenode.net
Logan,ubuntu/member/logan,Logan Rosen,wolfe.freenode.net
Lkydiruw,2607:5300:60:9c::1,Lkydiruw,karatkievich.freenode.net
willies952002,irc.domnian.com,Domnian Bouncher - ZNC 1.2,asimov.freenode.net
jelatta,c-73-89-133-178.hsd1.vt.comcast.net,r1ddl3m3th1s,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kanako7,139.59.151.6,Kanako,barjavel.freenode.net
TaitenP,61-216-91-110.HINET-IP.hinet.net,Taiten Peng,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Vialas,14-203-235-228.static.tpgi.com.au,Vialas,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ayan,147.137.211.130.bc.googleusercontent.com,Ayan George,hitchcock.freenode.net
Magiobiwan,unaffiliated/magiobiwan,Jeff,asimov.freenode.net
ktomz,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-eagiyvkchrmgreei,ktom,wilhelm.freenode.net
floown,unaffiliated/fanchon,Fran�oise Lindon,adams.freenode.net
Superdawg,ec2-54-243-59-20.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Superdawg,sinisalo.freenode.net
nils__,pdpc/supporter/35for7/nils,realname,adams.freenode.net
t4c0c4t,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tuvgmxyxqeljvvhg,shawnp,adams.freenode.net
Saviq,canonical/saviq,Michał Sawicz,barjavel.freenode.net
nrml,38.140.153.82,noneya,asimov.freenode.net
A_F_K,unaffiliated/A-F-K/x-3928476,A_F_K,leguin.freenode.net
MarkyP,gaf.me.uk,mark,orwell.freenode.net
`ryban,unaffiliated/ryban,Explorer,asimov.freenode.net
Chaser,192.241.229.182,kiran,barjavel.freenode.net
AphelionZ,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-brnaogvxwzhyvmzu,AphelionZ,sinisalo.freenode.net
sjoos,a111225.upc-a.chello.nl,Joost Lammers,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jaz-,107.181.152.110,jaz,asimov.freenode.net
kiki1,89-212-152-28.dynamic.dsl.t-2.net,purple,sinisalo.freenode.net
Valfor,unaffiliated/mrpps,Valfor,verne.freenode.net
unsetnick,atom.nocrypto.com,no name,adams.freenode.net
yofel,ubuntu/member/yofel,Philip Muskovac,niven.freenode.net
yooman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dgrcoelfhxxwspal,Mike Turley,wilhelm.freenode.net
oxsyn,shell.crunk.io,oxsyn,orwell.freenode.net
KennosiS,unaffiliated/kennosis,WHOIS Failed: VL 31337,card.freenode.net
DArqueBishop,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe16:c9f0,D'Arque Bishop,wilhelm.freenode.net
pdrakeweb,cpe-71-74-153-111.neo.res.rr.com,pdrakeweb,asimov.freenode.net
hyperair,ubuntu/member/hyperair,Chow Loong Jin - 0x588752A1,roddenberry.freenode.net
ubottu,ubuntu/bot/ubottu,Ubuntu IRC Bot,karatkievich.freenode.net
cwarner,snowcap.kernelcode.com,Unknown,card.freenode.net
jaagr,unaffiliated/jaagr,jaagr,tepper.freenode.net
jarif,dsl-espbrasgw1-50dfb9-80.dhcp.inet.fi,Jari Fredriksson,wilhelm.freenode.net
uwishuno,unaffiliated/uwishuno,uwishuno,asimov.freenode.net
alxlu,138.68.58.104,Alex,karatkievich.freenode.net
erikj,unaffiliated/erikj,Erik,barjavel.freenode.net
theShirbiny,unaffiliated/theshirbiny,theShirbiny,verne.freenode.net
quesada,x4e37aa96.dyn.telefonica.de,realname,orwell.freenode.net
munta,188.166.97.29,munta,weber.freenode.net
primoz,5-255-217-91.xlab.si,Primoz,orwell.freenode.net
jaywink,2a01:4f8:140:8024::2,Jason Robinson,niven.freenode.net
cadeskywalker,LFbn-1-3378-205.w90-127.abo.wanadoo.fr,madoka,sinisalo.freenode.net
kostkon,host109-148-0-184.range109-148.btcentralplus.com,Costas,hitchcock.freenode.net
Morray,iwant.gnu.systems,Habib,rajaniemi.freenode.net
SkyRocknRoll,unaffiliated/skyrocknroll,SkyRocknRoll,karatkievich.freenode.net
Gallomimia,ec2-54-186-77-228.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Gallomimia,hitchcock.freenode.net
Braven2,75.77.31.11.nw.nuvox.net,Braven,orwell.freenode.net
dust,unaffiliated/dust,dust,hitchcock.freenode.net
statusfailed,statusfailed.com,statusfailed,karatkievich.freenode.net
Harry,unaffiliated/harry,Harry,niven.freenode.net
MrXXIV,cpe-45-37-177-225.nc.res.rr.com,MrXXIV,rajaniemi.freenode.net
altendky,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dpnwgdpkrhvdjbpc,Kyle Altendorf,adams.freenode.net
CrazyBebop,znc.crazybebop.com,keith,barjavel.freenode.net
surtin,if.this.is.a.bnc.i.cant.be.surtin.com,surtin,wilhelm.freenode.net
auronandace,2a02:c7d:4427:e200:f873:1da1:6871:ecfb,auronandace,adams.freenode.net
borbosha,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe67:6379,Dennis Niedfeldt,adams.freenode.net
techspan1,152.208.54.93,TechSpan,verne.freenode.net
foul_owl,c-73-97-48-166.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,foul_owl,adams.freenode.net
h82or8,unaffiliated/spence,SDiCee,wolfe.freenode.net
dury,140.85-87-145.dynamic.clientes.euskaltel.es,minsk,karatkievich.freenode.net
uaides,ec2-52-54-78-152.compute-1.amazonaws.com,realname,orwell.freenode.net
geheimnis`,23.226.237.192,geheimnis,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rwb,65-183-151-239-dhcp.burlingtontelecom.net,rwb,sinisalo.freenode.net
ws2k3,bnc.freegamehosting.eu,FGH / #Gamehosting Admin,weber.freenode.net
vidy,cpe-76-182-12-73.nc.res.rr.com,n/a,card.freenode.net
wlp1s1,unaffiliated/iczero,iczero,rajaniemi.freenode.net
PugaBear,server.bn-mc.net,Got ZNC?,barjavel.freenode.net
jfmcarreira,unaffiliated/jfmcarreira,Joao Carreira,karatkievich.freenode.net
boog,cpe-174-98-181-14.cinci.res.rr.com,boog,sinisalo.freenode.net
Aayush,unaffiliated/aayush,Aayush BNC,niven.freenode.net
Zaitzev,40.115.5.127,Johnson,karatkievich.freenode.net
vemacs|ded,192.3.17.176,vemacs,asimov.freenode.net
HeN,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rsrfxhjpbkuzcfui,C,wolfe.freenode.net
Luna_Moonfang,trivialand/student/luna-moonfang,Luna,asimov.freenode.net
Xard,a91-154-214-159.elisa-laajakaista.fi,Xard,tepper.freenode.net
jhave,sandbox.jhave.dk,Jesper Have,wilhelm.freenode.net
King_Hual,unaffiliated/king-hual/x-1207580,Hual,hitchcock.freenode.net
WildSoft,c83-249-90-123.bredband.comhem.se,WildSoft,sinisalo.freenode.net
gregl,cpe-66-67-122-101.nycap.res.rr.com,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
Kryptron,unaffiliated/kryptron,Kryptron,wilhelm.freenode.net
j4son_,16.242.forpsi.net,j4son,asimov.freenode.net
ryan`c,znc.rya.nc,ryan,sinisalo.freenode.net
Alphard,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-rcjmkpgcmfbkfziv,alphard,wolfe.freenode.net
OnkelTem,pppoe-62-84-112-224.dubna.ru,Onkel T?m,adams.freenode.net
Drone`,ubuntu/bot/ubot93,Psychotic killer robot,barjavel.freenode.net
bneo99,62.185.50.60.cbj01-home.tm.net.my,Bryan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
BrianBlaze420,unaffiliated/brianblaze,BlazeBrian,karatkievich.freenode.net
dryliketoast,81.91.242.164,Mr Fritz,verne.freenode.net
txspud,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-etwxhjxvatvobnej,Scott Croft,karatkievich.freenode.net
trobotham,2602:ffb0:4:d55::1,nitemare,rajaniemi.freenode.net
irishjack,64.137.204.70,ZeGermans,card.freenode.net
Bad_Dream,unaffiliated/bad-dream/x-9250803,...,leguin.freenode.net
NoteOn,s174004.ppp.asahi-net.or.jp,NoteOn,orwell.freenode.net
Ampelbein,ubuntu/member/ampelbein,Andreas Moog,adams.freenode.net
midnightmagic,unaffiliated/midnightmagic,midnightmagic,weber.freenode.net
boxrick1,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qpxbbxndbdgjjvlz,boxrick1,orwell.freenode.net
haasn,haasn.xyz,haasn,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ilbelkyr,atheme/ilbelkyr,bcode,karatkievich.freenode.net
cerion,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/cerion,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Xe,infoforcefeed/Xe,Xe,weber.freenode.net
mbwe,188.166.65.242,mbwe,card.freenode.net
Mining-,78.129.172.44,life,verne.freenode.net
shuduo,33.93.189.91.lcy-02.canonistack.canonical.com,shuduo,verne.freenode.net
mikul,c83-249-158-58.bredband.comhem.se,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
mpontillo,canonical/mpontillo,Mike Pontillo,wolfe.freenode.net
zepolen,ec2-52-29-0-221.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com,zepolen,adams.freenode.net
PennStater,unaffiliated/pennstater,Aaron,verne.freenode.net
SlabDabs,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kbppfknyeyoicnsz,Slbdbs,leguin.freenode.net
iter,ec2-52-8-52-105.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,iter,wolfe.freenode.net
YP-Cloud____,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xxutvbszrfzhhuqs,Yuanpeng Zhang,weber.freenode.net
vemacs,unaffiliated/vemacs,vemacs,wolfe.freenode.net
delarge,charquican.linuxers.cl,i don't know why nobody told you,barjavel.freenode.net
kingplusplus,154.16.63.192,Minus,orwell.freenode.net
morsnowski,p5484389F.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bsdaddict,2a03:8600:1001:4042::1001,realname,adams.freenode.net
gmsol,pa49-180-154-90.pa.nsw.optusnet.com.au,Gary Matthews,orwell.freenode.net
Messenger_bird,wikipedia/Antonio-Lopez,ananana,asimov.freenode.net
jchen__,remote.corefacility.ca,Julie Chen,niven.freenode.net
geoffb,ppp59-167-167-145.static.internode.on.net,www.geoffbreach.com Geek, researcher at UTS.edu.au,verne.freenode.net
Cueball,11.21.169.217.in-addr.arpa,lee,wolfe.freenode.net
T-Rex-Jesus,hazardo.us,like the black coffee bowl of your eye,wolfe.freenode.net
jk^,net-93-148-155-201.cust.dsl.teletu.it,...,barjavel.freenode.net
McLive,www.freecraft.eu,McLive,wilhelm.freenode.net
ircnode0,kekkonen.niksula.hut.fi,salamander,wilhelm.freenode.net
baizon,unaffiliated/baizon,realname,card.freenode.net
ulkesh_,107.170.45.219,Ulkesh,niven.freenode.net
Zren_,bas3-guelph22-65-92-33-76.dsl.bell.ca,realname,card.freenode.net
freecoder,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-mfztvyaedchqzrto,freecoder,leguin.freenode.net
neuromute9,cpc95616-seac27-2-0-cust60.7-2.cable.virginm.net,neuromute,leguin.freenode.net
Kundry_Wag,189.110.248.131,Andre,wolfe.freenode.net
Tabmow,freenode/staff-emeritus/tabmow,realname,roddenberry.freenode.net
\9,linux.utu.fi,Teemu Piippo,leguin.freenode.net
vila,lec67-4-82-230-53-244.fbx.proxad.net,Vincent Ladeuil,rajaniemi.freenode.net
wyggler2,pilot.trilug.org,Michael Lewis,verne.freenode.net
elGALLO_,72-48-65-85.dyn.grandenetworks.net,Textual User,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jonathaN,beacon.dhs.org,jonathaN,adams.freenode.net
Humbedooh,apache/staff/humbedooh,Daniel Gruno,rajaniemi.freenode.net
MacroMan,host213-123-31-77.in-addr.btopenworld.com,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
D-Boy,unaffiliated/cain,Debian Boy,orwell.freenode.net
slifeet,sli.space,joe,barjavel.freenode.net
thushi,202.62.79.242,Thushara.M.S,karatkievich.freenode.net
markovh,unaffiliated/markovh,my real name is,card.freenode.net
Hiz,ec2-52-32-53-234.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Hiz Wylder,niven.freenode.net
thekrynn_,ool-4350b3b3.dyn.optonline.net,Alex,sinisalo.freenode.net
dequeues,mybb/team/dequeues,dequeues,weber.freenode.net
anth0ny,unaffiliated/anth0ny,Anthony,hitchcock.freenode.net
icey,canonical/icey,Chris MacNaughton,wolfe.freenode.net
lirimaery,193-106-244-114.noc.fibertech.net.pl,liri,karatkievich.freenode.net
themill,unaffiliated/themill,Stuart Prescott,adams.freenode.net
Domhack,89-71-188-82.dynamic.chello.pl,realname,weber.freenode.net
cebor,unaffiliated/cebor,cebor,wilhelm.freenode.net
MoonkYang,de.bbido.com.yang.red,Moonk Yang,rajaniemi.freenode.net
schmidtm_,2001:41d0:a:30dc:178:33:33:178,Mark Schmidt,wilhelm.freenode.net
habith,cluecode.com,habith,sinisalo.freenode.net
Jettis,91-157-231-255.elisa-laajakaista.fi,h0h0,verne.freenode.net
pentiumone133,c-98-220-69-19.hsd1.il.comcast.net,Will,karatkievich.freenode.net
cloud,lykos/rt,While you're dying I'll be still alive~,adams.freenode.net
XDS2010,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-npgfvvkpmjmulcya,XAVIER,wolfe.freenode.net
philroche,ec2-52-51-163-177.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Phil Roche,karatkievich.freenode.net
Emperor_Earth,cpe-98-14-184-255.nyc.res.rr.com,realname,adams.freenode.net
nimbleark,unaffiliated/nimbleark,nimbleark,hitchcock.freenode.net
rogue,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vgisbihsbxcyuwce,rogue,wilhelm.freenode.net
pdomin,129.42.208.174,P D,sinisalo.freenode.net
Rockwolf,Sentinelnet.tk,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
krisd,91.185.191.213,User Krisd,hitchcock.freenode.net
Mathisen,unaffiliated/mathisen,Ask Me,hitchcock.freenode.net
Swish,pool-108-18-225-91.washdc.fios.verizon.net,-> 14L9o14k9i4*0MarveL4*,weber.freenode.net
Christian_Qs,sedna-ipv6.space.pacher.com,Christian Pacher,karatkievich.freenode.net
vedu,gateway/shell/kde/x-mhtyyybmcbrotkuu,Vedant Agarwala,adams.freenode.net
beisner,47-213-156-84.nixacmta02.res.dyn.suddenlink.net,Ryan Beisner,weber.freenode.net
topi`,kaverit.org,Topi Kanerva,wolfe.freenode.net
ltrager,2604:4080:1133:0:cfac:dd21:7a8a:8cbf,Lee Trager,wolfe.freenode.net
mircx1,unaffiliated/mircx1,@,wolfe.freenode.net
perceive,ppp59-167-182-232.vic.adsl.internode.on.net,perceive,roddenberry.freenode.net
IdleOne,ubuntu/member/idleone,IdleOne,wilhelm.freenode.net
demonspork,173-17-72-21.client.mchsi.com,demonspork,tepper.freenode.net
noord,unaffiliated/noord,real,rajaniemi.freenode.net
addo,45.32.14.172,4dd0,hitchcock.freenode.net
bobdobbs,unaffiliated/bobdobbs,unknown,orwell.freenode.net
captainfixerpc14,unaffiliated/captainfixerpc14,Grandpa Kirk,orwell.freenode.net
jor,jor.link,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
lyn_,117.82.182.147,Lin.Z,weber.freenode.net
Rondom,modo.nonmodosedetiam.net,Andreas Gnau,niven.freenode.net
catbeard,unaffiliated/walp,hi,asimov.freenode.net
paroxp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nhmjhaftxagluonz,Rafal Proszowski,wilhelm.freenode.net
MetalGearSolid,unaffiliated/metalgearsolid,Metal Gear got wings ...,wilhelm.freenode.net
rogst,c83-254-94-186.bredband.comhem.se,Roger,niven.freenode.net
kushal_kumaran,37.247.116.197,unknown,asimov.freenode.net
^r,lykos/rt,rt,leguin.freenode.net
teward,ubuntu/member/teward,Thomas Ward,wolfe.freenode.net
sab,cable-static-142-158.teleport.ch,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
J-BBB,2001:41d0:2:355f::1,shroudBNC User,wilhelm.freenode.net
andor2007,cpc72039-pete10-2-0-cust165.4-4.cable.virginm.net,m,tepper.freenode.net
dv__,62-178-118-86.cable.dynamic.surfer.at,dv dwed,weber.freenode.net
Norbin,178.62.84.53,Norbin,adams.freenode.net
jpd,74.197.194.12,Your Name,tepper.freenode.net
Linlz,unaffiliated/linlz,bye,leguin.freenode.net
sydney_untangle,supertux/sydney,sydney,barjavel.freenode.net
jsedy7,85.255.0.9,Jiri Sedy,card.freenode.net
Zooklubba,unaffiliated/zooklubba,Zooklubba,asimov.freenode.net
fnordahl,u.fnordahl.com,Frode Nordahl,weber.freenode.net
Cybertinus,cybertinus.customer.cloud.nl,Cybertinus,niven.freenode.net
Sedated,unaffiliated/sedated,Gerry,barjavel.freenode.net
epopt,47.149.151.118,realname,asimov.freenode.net
foka,198-48-139-3.cpe.pppoe.ca,Anthony Fok,barjavel.freenode.net
BlackPanx_,93-103-10-34.static.t-2.net,http://blackbird.si,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lucz,linaro/lucz,Luca Sokoll,weber.freenode.net
serard,cim06-3-78-238-25-117.fbx.proxad.net,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
Ad1Tech,s37.linuxpl.com,ad1tech,barjavel.freenode.net
h4writer,ptr-2hj4tbwof7glplf9czantdm9j.ip6.access.telenet.be,Your Name,niven.freenode.net
CyberDems,srv.webintuitive.co.za,Dimitri,barjavel.freenode.net
bigpresh,freenode/staff/bigpresh,bigpresh,orwell.freenode.net
Spec,unaffiliated/spec,omg,card.freenode.net
simply6,vps.digitaloverhaul.com,This is it.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lu_tze,S0106c8fb26819b81.gv.shawcable.net,lu_tze,hitchcock.freenode.net
mgorbach,pool-96-237-153-152.bstnma.ftas.verizon.net,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
DJones,unaffiliated/dgjones,David Jones,adams.freenode.net
kisk,173-21-146-73.client.mchsi.com,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Guest7930,cpc78907-bele10-2-0-cust113.2-1.cable.virginm.net,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
christel,freenode/staff/exherbo.christel,not really.,weber.freenode.net
fii,kyoto.mii.moe,dykomii,wilhelm.freenode.net
aniketh_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yodolbqlwrvhgtie,Aniketh Girish,adams.freenode.net
Tims_Tech,unaffiliated/tims-tech,Tim Wanders,weber.freenode.net
rany,unaffiliated/rany,Rany,card.freenode.net
DeMiNe0,104.131.119.74,DeMiNe0,niven.freenode.net
madghost_,185.150.15.25,1Rudin Andrey,leguin.freenode.net
SuperSeriousCat,unaffiliated/superseriouscat,Andrew,orwell.freenode.net
`z,wikipedia/Zhaofeng-Li,Zhaofeng Li,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zhxt_,106.39.222.43,zhxt,tepper.freenode.net
spammy,efa.rushville.k12.in.us,shawniverson,wilhelm.freenode.net
Freman,flatus.fremnet.net,God to you,niven.freenode.net
gorlock,81.7.16.118,gorlock,wilhelm.freenode.net
Colti,2a00:c1e0:0:2:0:1:208:ab5e,unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
steven,unaffiliated/steven,Steven,wilhelm.freenode.net
Khaotic,unaffiliated/khaotic,Khaotic,karatkievich.freenode.net
7F1AARPBM,178.62.86.137,Muyiwa Iyowu,,,,wilhelm.freenode.net
sdk,unaffiliated/sdk-,sdk,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mniip,freenode/staff/mniip,mniip,kornbluth.freenode.net
sanjeev,103.196.79.196,Sanjeev,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Guest85193,176.53.215.123,Your Name,orwell.freenode.net
direkt,104.128.238.75,dkt,adams.freenode.net
blackwind_123,117.192.141.192,The Chat Cool People Use,leguin.freenode.net
michael_mbp,ec2-52-76-80-88.ap-southeast-1.compute.amazonaws.com,John Dorian,asimov.freenode.net
blueking,99.109-247-165.customer.lyse.net,Blueking,card.freenode.net
jasondotstar,107.170.79.104,Jay Clark,barjavel.freenode.net
_Trullo,h-53-230.a357.priv.bahnhof.se,guff33,verne.freenode.net
comgot,116.47.0.59,comgot,barjavel.freenode.net
epipercepi,pool-74-105-35-242.nwrknj.fios.verizon.net,epipercepi,asimov.freenode.net
c^,unaffiliated/chipwolf,Chip,wilhelm.freenode.net
cruxeternus,secspeed.com,Crux Eternus,verne.freenode.net
SebastianFlyte,pool-108-48-93-213.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Sebastian Flyte,wolfe.freenode.net
wedgie,unaffiliated/wedgie,Wedge Jarrad,sinisalo.freenode.net
ToeSnacks,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fpdnkbutxejmcbft,null,adams.freenode.net
skaag,208.68.174.125,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
fn2,unaffiliated/fn2,FN,karatkievich.freenode.net
Ekho,unaffiliated/ekho,Ekho,niven.freenode.net
Esya,62-210-192-133.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
ThePhoenix47,bravo.at.zsrv.pw,ThePhoenix47,leguin.freenode.net
alxd,188.226.245.148,alxd,orwell.freenode.net
elky,ubuntu/member/pdpc.professional.elky,elky,wilhelm.freenode.net
SCollins,maidstone-hackspace.org.uk,Sam Collins,adams.freenode.net
digilink,unaffiliated/digilink,digilink,rajaniemi.freenode.net
htafdres1i,76-10-130-20.dsl.teksavvy.com,Logan Streondj,asimov.freenode.net
emerson,freenode/staff/emerson,emerson,wilhelm.freenode.net
fauen,217.148.45.42,fauen,wilhelm.freenode.net
pepijndevos,81.4.122.239,Pepijn de Vos,adams.freenode.net
dn,14.154.178.9,dn,asimov.freenode.net
messer441,156.17.85.29,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
fraggle_,2a02-8429-803d-d401-0227-0eff-fe0f-1727.rev.sfr.net,J�r�me Benoit,niven.freenode.net
BlauskaerM,h-217-68.a357.priv.bahnhof.se,Fever,weber.freenode.net
blSnoopy,miram.persei.mw.lg.virgo.supercluster.net,Snoopy the Beagle,verne.freenode.net
wuseman,unaffiliated/wuseman,wuziduziiii,hitchcock.freenode.net
lord4163,90-230-158-145-no86.tbcn.telia.com,Fabian,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bl0m1,95.85.26.121,bl0m1,wilhelm.freenode.net
alexbligh1,elgar.alex.org.uk,Alex Bligh,niven.freenode.net
mackie,97-101-46-128.res.bhn.net,mackie,barjavel.freenode.net
megabitdragon,c-76-107-217-165.hsd1.tn.comcast.net,Got ZNC on Amahi?,card.freenode.net
Ballzak,lax.calderwood.co.nz,Ballzak,adams.freenode.net
wj44,unaffiliated/wj44,wj44,verne.freenode.net
stoneriver,2601:241:8402:dc:6e88:14ff:febd:7b20,stoneriver,karatkievich.freenode.net
chuck_,c-24-6-180-172.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Got ZNC?,tepper.freenode.net
kirkland,ec2-54-210-11-234.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Dustin Kirkland,weber.freenode.net
g2,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-fmbddiepytagfvte,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
amaged__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mulkgypprvvqwjks,Ahmed Maged,karatkievich.freenode.net
s0niq,0138500014.0.fullrate.ninja,s0niq,adams.freenode.net
zacharypch,pool-108-45-126-100.washdc.fios.verizon.net,realname,tepper.freenode.net
mths,irssi.science,Mathias,wilhelm.freenode.net
ponyrider,unaffiliated/ponyrider,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
foo,unaffiliated/foo,foo,niven.freenode.net
al2o3-cr,unaffiliated/gr33n7007h,al2o3-cr,tepper.freenode.net
verticlebert,107.170.229.202,joshua,orwell.freenode.net
raub,cpe-107-15-38-169.nc.res.rr.com,Me,wolfe.freenode.net
CRAZYGAMER04,96.253.116.241,purple,wilhelm.freenode.net
mgor,2001:4801:7817:72:de8a:e0af:ff10:44af,mgor,wilhelm.freenode.net
Br|aN,smoke.p0t.biz,Got Weed?,karatkievich.freenode.net
LucaTM,unaffiliated/lucatm,Luca,wilhelm.freenode.net
krobzaur,2607:fea8:bd9f:fa03:5bbf:e819:ff8a:643e,kyle,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gvhoecke,82.189-66-87.adsl-dyn.isp.belgacom.be,Gianni Van Hoecke,adams.freenode.net
liltechdude,ramnode.liltechdude.com,Geoff,hitchcock.freenode.net
catalase-,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-szuumzxleiiywwrx,catalase,orwell.freenode.net
littlebear,2607:fea8:a220:7e3:43c:8cea:d765:ba61,littlebear,leguin.freenode.net
werlet,dslb-178-007-219-034.178.007.pools.vodafone-ip.de,realname,weber.freenode.net
dan2wik,unaffiliated/evil-dan2wik/x-0106201,dan2wik,asimov.freenode.net
rbetzen,50-26-103-34.amrlcmtk01.res.dyn.suddenlink.net,Ronnie Betzen,,,,adams.freenode.net
Henric,h138n13-mr-a11.ias.bredband.telia.com,Henric,sinisalo.freenode.net
Kazuto,unaffiliated/kkirigaya,0Chris B.,niven.freenode.net
xamindar,71-91-164-206.dhcp.gwnt.ga.charter.com,xamindar,weber.freenode.net
akkad,166.84.6.60,akkad,orwell.freenode.net
kumavis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bcneqvjffngnkbuq,aaron,adams.freenode.net
utfans05,unaffiliated/utfans05,utfans05,wilhelm.freenode.net
imharvey,217-215-196-182-no236.tbcn.telia.com,pi,kornbluth.freenode.net
Damier,131.203.226.226,...,niven.freenode.net
sergey,212.115.244.114,sergey,weber.freenode.net
g00se,2601:640:8302:f579:5279:7dd3:a12c:862e,g00se,wilhelm.freenode.net
antonw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ufksjgusijgebapa,Anton Winter,karatkievich.freenode.net
Sven_vB,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-bvvxabgkqpfjaygo,Sven,adams.freenode.net
Charlie79,184.79-160-20.customer.lyse.net,Charlie79,adams.freenode.net
backUP,2607:5300:60:3b6c:3b5::c0de,Back UP and Reformat,adams.freenode.net
talonz,ppp118-208-240-50.bras1.hba2.internode.on.net,realname,asimov.freenode.net
fginther,50-82-160-195.client.mchsi.com,Francis Ginther,karatkievich.freenode.net
sphenxes,81-5-225-9.hdsl.highway.telekom.at,sphenxes,wolfe.freenode.net
StathisA,unaffiliated/stathisa,SA,leguin.freenode.net
JanC,lugwv/member/JanC,Jan Claeys,wilhelm.freenode.net
rax-,bnc.localh0st.co.uk,rax-,wilhelm.freenode.net
milkshoes,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bgxeactnphnnokeo,milkshoes,wolfe.freenode.net
Whiskey,31.44.232.185,Whiskey,karatkievich.freenode.net
asergheev,2607:fad8:4:6:340a:1d81:976b:8eb4,asergheev,wolfe.freenode.net
black_,46.143.149.245,black,hitchcock.freenode.net
Awesomecase,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-redeivmnhipglzgx,Cole,adams.freenode.net
mcphail,unaffiliated/mcphail,Neil McPhail,niven.freenode.net
luny,unaffiliated/luny,luny,niven.freenode.net
FManTropyx,37-33-2-58.bb.dnainternet.fi,FMan /Tropyx,leguin.freenode.net
NEXUS-6,unaffiliated/nexus-6,realname,leguin.freenode.net
xskaponex-ca,45.56.149.29,xskaponex-ca,tepper.freenode.net
camako,47.184.164.20,Cemil Azizoglu,karatkievich.freenode.net
NightMonkey,pdpc/supporter/professional/nightmonkey,Jesse Adelman,asimov.freenode.net
adante,59.167.150.81,Kagehisa Anotsu,barjavel.freenode.net
Jan2,198.13.255.87,1KVIrc 4.0.0 'Insomnia' http://kvirc.net/,barjavel.freenode.net
fn00dle,luna.digineering.technology,Jonathan Juursema,wilhelm.freenode.net
jimcrofty,139.59.160.208,Jim Croft,tepper.freenode.net
mindfart,unaffiliated/mindfart,mindfart,asimov.freenode.net
shaytan,c-83-233-76-171.cust.bredband2.com,shaytan,asimov.freenode.net
eshlox,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rszjvcrvrnvpavuk,Przemysław Kołodziejczyk,wilhelm.freenode.net
Kartagis,drupal.org/user/742906/view,if (cb) ((cb->obj)->*(cb->ui_func))();,asimov.freenode.net
jonne,met2313868.lnk.telstra.net,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Blackpajamas,mail.cria.ca,Blackpajamas,tepper.freenode.net
cluelessperson,unaffiliated/cluelessperson,clueless,verne.freenode.net
cpt-oblivious,freebsd/user/cpt-oblivious,cpt-oblivious,tepper.freenode.net
rvolosatovs,95.85.19.233,weechat,adams.freenode.net
Feren^Server,13.71.158.194,SeongTae Jeong,tepper.freenode.net
lqid,ec2-52-64-141-5.ap-southeast-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Daniel Kleviansky,leguin.freenode.net
ozzloy,unaffiliated/ozzloy,ozzloy palindromemordnilap,adams.freenode.net
matt8109,FXYNQD2-VHB09.LAW.NYU.EDU,Matthew M,rajaniemi.freenode.net
eupolis,2601:280:4800:5f00:3024:cdd5:fa6a:71a1,Tim,adams.freenode.net
buumi_,ec2-54-93-115-167.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com,jorik,verne.freenode.net
TeKKiE,118.33.86.33,TeKKiE,verne.freenode.net
smethia,modemcable241.152-160-184.mc.videotron.ca,Samir Methia,verne.freenode.net
irkmeister,beep.happytortoise.net,irk,sinisalo.freenode.net
squarecircle,v10848.php-friends.de,goto,asimov.freenode.net
Andreas33,2a01:4f8:d12:140f::2,Andreas,adams.freenode.net
SyntaxTerror,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cvztbeezaibxfiol,SyntaxTerror,wilhelm.freenode.net
krtaylor,2605:6000:f489:be00:ed81:5318:c85a:32bb,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
nitesh,125.16.167.157,Nitesh Konkar,wolfe.freenode.net
ogra_,p5098ed03.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Oliver Grawert,leguin.freenode.net
haj23,2a02:810d:d40:786c:caee:50c1:53a9:1378,weechat,adams.freenode.net
ijmad,latte.stronger.coffee,Ian,orwell.freenode.net
zykotick9,fsf/member/zykotick9,zykotick9,tepper.freenode.net
vrlx,86.125.196.126,realname,verne.freenode.net
_ruben_,2a02:bd0:101:3:1ce:c01d:c0ca:c01a,Ruben Laban,sinisalo.freenode.net
Church,church.is.lv,Janis Pusmucans,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dem0,linux.utu.fi,Ano Nyymi,barjavel.freenode.net
Elimin8er,65-33-132-117.res.bhn.net,Mike,weber.freenode.net
mguy,104.207.140.65,robert,orwell.freenode.net
rimd2r,tm.rimd2r.info,rimd2r,niven.freenode.net
cryptodan_mobile,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jidnnmiaeglckfnw,Daniel Reinhardt,rajaniemi.freenode.net
csjp,freebsd/developer/csjp,User Csjp,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mg,cassarossa.samfundet.no,Martin Gammelsæter,leguin.freenode.net
obZen,209.95.50.55,n/a,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mh,unaffiliated/weeb,hdrv,adams.freenode.net
Henoxek,henoxek.ru,Henoxek,niven.freenode.net
Agent_Smith_BR,unaffiliated/agent-smith-br/x-9903544,Agent_Smith_BR,wilhelm.freenode.net
greeter,2604:180:2:117:cafe:babe:dead:beef,greeter,karatkievich.freenode.net
kokonoula,2a02:582:191c:3000:225:22ff:fe7e:7437,kokonoula,niven.freenode.net
olmari,irc.olmari.fi,Sami Olmari,adams.freenode.net
SuperFAM,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rbvoyxagvklraiyb,Fahim Ali,wilhelm.freenode.net
isometric05,38.104.255.30,Alexander von Gluck,weber.freenode.net
hoarycripple,100.17.22.74,hoary cripple,orwell.freenode.net
tombee,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-poyuxhdnbesluqhr,Tom Barlow,wilhelm.freenode.net
NotLim,190.96.77.94,asdsada,wolfe.freenode.net
roxer,q.netatonce.net,Victor,barjavel.freenode.net
oaao,2604:2000:820d:e00:447:c2ea:f86d:f6d6,oaaaao,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ski7777,2002:5f58:c602:0:211:32ff:fe04:f103,Raphael Jacob,rajaniemi.freenode.net
itokatsu,2a01:e35:8b07:da60:10f9:7b7a:79d1:b84d,itk,sinisalo.freenode.net
phunyguy,ubuntu/member/phunyguy,Phuny Guy,wolfe.freenode.net
ReimuHakurei,yuki.reimuhakurei.net,Alex Ingram,leguin.freenode.net
mikecmpbll,ruby/staff/mikecmpbll,Mike Campbell,sinisalo.freenode.net
DataAdmin,130.238.144.247,realname,orwell.freenode.net
Poppolino,ec2-52-18-90-156.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Got ZNC?,barjavel.freenode.net
yock,unaffiliated/yock,myockey,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Venko,Colchester-LUG/Legen.dary,Venko,wolfe.freenode.net
harrymm,104.222.140.32,purple,verne.freenode.net
Karazhan,kingslanding.unix-experience.fr,noname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
phil42,c-76-125-104-228.hsd1.ar.comcast.net,Gart Iommu,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jareth_,2001:980:e1c0:1:219:66ff:fea0:a502,me,sinisalo.freenode.net
murphy,8.19.46.3,remo williams,leguin.freenode.net
filosofie,unaffiliated/filosofie, @ freenode,kornbluth.freenode.net
php_,149.202.250.22,La Puta PHP,adams.freenode.net
Keitaro,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-lbgnaiqaabzctbdq,LayerBNC - At Your Fingertips!,adams.freenode.net
kak,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-mbinzwjemmhaznvf,ZNC - http://znc.in,wilhelm.freenode.net
macsz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-skrntvpiicixmgga,Maciej Szankin,wilhelm.freenode.net
shayne,d14-69-32-57.try.wideopenwest.com,shayne baudelaire,leguin.freenode.net
scottschecter,c-76-115-234-122.hsd1.or.comcast.net,realname,adams.freenode.net
MoeD,128.163.237.102,MoeD,hitchcock.freenode.net
jswe,128.199.129.100,jswe,rajaniemi.freenode.net
matt_,ccpc-buzzer.bath.ac.uk,Matt,orwell.freenode.net
Flannel,ubuntu/member/flannel,Flannel,niven.freenode.net
thallada,fsf/member/thallada,thallada,asimov.freenode.net
root-,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-svhlwoakvtgojsld,root,wilhelm.freenode.net
pa,unaffiliated/pa,Paolo,barjavel.freenode.net
Bhaal,freenode/staff-emeritus/bhaal,Cameron Andrews,card.freenode.net
dgtlchlk,2001:470:1f11:5a0::18,uhhh,niven.freenode.net
kimico,static.21.138.9.176.clients.your-server.de,kimico,verne.freenode.net
[B],unaffiliated/b/x-2453422,[B],card.freenode.net
Christian,sedna-ipv6.space.pacher.com,Christian Pacher,karatkievich.freenode.net
f|shy,87-127-155-33.static.enta.net,fishwithapipe,card.freenode.net
ubuntulog,ubuntu/bot/ubuntulog,log bot:: contact rt@ubuntu.com,adams.freenode.net
stooj,181.198.151.122.dynamic.dsl.dv.iprimus.net.au,Stoo,adams.freenode.net
chiluk,172.34.213.162.lcy-01.canonistack.canonical.com,chiluk,,,,rajaniemi.freenode.net
inteus,71.198.54.247,oheresy,asimov.freenode.net
kantlivelong,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/kantlivelong,kantlivelong,hitchcock.freenode.net
Guest48313,mail.df.lth.se,Roderik L. Bauhn,weber.freenode.net
skylite_,5402F4F5.dsl.pool.telekom.hu,skylite,adams.freenode.net
Southern_Gentlem,fedora/Southern-Gentleman,notfred,karatkievich.freenode.net
guruachu,54-240-198-33.amazon.com,Guru Achutha,sinisalo.freenode.net
Waggie,wikipedia/Waggie,Waggie,verne.freenode.net
mortalius,unaffiliated/mortalius,mortalius,hitchcock.freenode.net
azizLIGHT,unaffiliated/azizlight,azizLIGHT,hitchcock.freenode.net
trench,unaffiliated/trench,cold as corps,adams.freenode.net
yanome,freenode/staff-emeritus/yano,my idle time is a lie,barjavel.freenode.net
wk-work,2a01:600:1:0:45c:fb88:c5f2:2906,wk,adams.freenode.net
axisys,unaffiliated/axisys,Asif Iqbal,niven.freenode.net
robairt,74.119.189.206,Robert,barjavel.freenode.net
tanuki,68-200-133-146.res.bhn.net,Benjamin Geiger,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Iacobus_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hqjwlgvkhoypgbti,Walter Lambert,wolfe.freenode.net
nemith,cyanogenmod/maintainer/Nemith,bbennett,niven.freenode.net
joeytwiddle,162.243.115.31,Joey Twiddle,asimov.freenode.net
DLange,about/linux/staff/dlange,Daniel Lange,orwell.freenode.net
xcor,90.194.84.11,xcor,verne.freenode.net
lpsmith,unaffiliated/lpsmith,Leon P Smith,orwell.freenode.net
hustle,2602:301:77b9:e150:71cf:491a:ef91:d643,thedailyhustle,sinisalo.freenode.net
hasanin,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-fkdozoomaboabnhm,hasanin,adams.freenode.net
kidn3ys,ec2-52-88-3-29.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Ubuntu,hitchcock.freenode.net
Qrc,188.226.197.77,Matias Lehtinen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
HarryHallman,ec2-52-23-192-47.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Harry Hallman,verne.freenode.net
scrim,fileio.net,Chris,asimov.freenode.net
ChetManly,207.195.17.121,ChetManly,verne.freenode.net
mpmc,unaffiliated/mpmc,Mark C [Bouncer],card.freenode.net
MrRobot7,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-klilcoidnidygvvg,MrRobot7,karatkievich.freenode.net
weltzooo5,162.243.110.169,weltz,asimov.freenode.net
Triffid_Hunter,unaffiliated/triffid-hunter,http://create3d.com.au,asimov.freenode.net
Kjartan,vps-104.205.170.217.stwvps.net,kjartan,adams.freenode.net
Z750,2001:41d0:1:68a3::45,Z750,adams.freenode.net
gde33,546A1876.cm-12-3a.dynamic.ziggo.nl,0,wolfe.freenode.net
jubo2,wikipedia/jukeboksi,juboxi,asimov.freenode.net
Zurfa,copper.sllabs.com,Ryan,wolfe.freenode.net
X-Rob,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kqapddpoyisvwflz,Rob Thomas,rajaniemi.freenode.net
thgilfodrol,thgil.ganks.me,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
turfrex,ool-1826eaa1.dyn.optonline.net, Python Bot,niven.freenode.net
ShaRose,i.am.sharo.se,ShaRose,hitchcock.freenode.net
svg,hydargos.ginsys.net,svg,rajaniemi.freenode.net
glebihan,unaffiliated/glebihan,glebihan,tepper.freenode.net
L235,wikipedia/fsf.member.Lixxx235,Kevin ([[en:User:L235]]),wilhelm.freenode.net
iSagitt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vadvbpimjgjdeaom,iSagitt,wilhelm.freenode.net
Iguil,capella.servnet.no,Brynjar Gaup,hitchcock.freenode.net
ejnahc,chan.je,Chan Je Park,hitchcock.freenode.net
metaKin,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-wfqqnvidjirtdwhz,its aB,sinisalo.freenode.net
zenix`,ip4da0f1e5.direct-adsl.nl,zenix,weber.freenode.net
fooobarrr,unaffiliated/fooobarrr,Mittens,hitchcock.freenode.net
tq,A7876.its.ltu.se,Your Name,verne.freenode.net
techkid6,borealis.voxelstorm.com,tech,niven.freenode.net
Zen,iss.lutzee.net,Lutzee,niven.freenode.net
turytoom,2a02:908:2f32:e180:d683:502a:fb4:2bbe,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
Joschii,ip-109-43-2-227.web.vodafone.de,Joschi Wolpertinger,karatkievich.freenode.net
zylum,unaffiliated/zylum,zylum,karatkievich.freenode.net
Bray90820,50-83-212-56.client.mchsi.com,Aaron,orwell.freenode.net
XenophonF,24.123.13.50,Xenophon Fenderson, the Carbon(d)ated,card.freenode.net
GinoManWrx,50-251-53-110-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,realname,adams.freenode.net
panikovsky,31.23.127.105,realname,asimov.freenode.net
zet-,183.6.186.250,zet,hitchcock.freenode.net
beaver,unaffiliated/beaver,beaver,wolfe.freenode.net
cigumo,r179-25-215-150.dialup.adsl.anteldata.net.uy,cigumo,hitchcock.freenode.net
screedo,2001:19f0:1613:f3::318b:fb58,screedo,leguin.freenode.net
ux,p20030069AF37E543645919780E7367E7.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,uxio,wilhelm.freenode.net
DalekSec,ubuntu/member/unit193,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
kode54,losno.co,Christopher Snowhill,card.freenode.net
sssilver,2605:6000:ee54:b500:4c01:c7ad:acb2:bb9f,Silver,karatkievich.freenode.net
sz0,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uioggvqiwzvmumcv,Sonmez Kartal,adams.freenode.net
kevhawk,server1.hawkins.gq,kevhawk,weber.freenode.net
SwedeMike,ipv6.swm.pp.se,Like a wedgie on steroids,wolfe.freenode.net
ztane,lakka.kapsi.fi,Antti Haapala,wolfe.freenode.net
kunwon1,unaffiliated/kunwon1,Specialization is for Insects.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
thib,wikimedia/Thibaut120094,Thibaut,weber.freenode.net
NCsaba,rallyphoto.ro,Nyiró Zoltán-Csaba,adams.freenode.net
pingwindyktator,pingwindyktator.tk,pingwindyktator,niven.freenode.net
dh1tw,15.red-83-46-61.dynamicip.rima-tde.net,na,asimov.freenode.net
johnnyfive,unaffiliated/isalive,The better version.,wolfe.freenode.net
dash__,81.27.40.63,Dag Asheim,wilhelm.freenode.net
fuzzybear3965,135-23-127-15.cpe.pppoe.ca,John Rinehart,wolfe.freenode.net
Spr0cket,gateway/shell/xzibition.com/x-cdtnhjddcjxuzwqt,c,adams.freenode.net
jeffVPS,proxy.fixuntilbroken.com,jeffrey sahapatanavana,asimov.freenode.net
jgrasser,2601:645:4100:daa5:386b:af27:641f:83a1,Joseph Grasser,,,,wolfe.freenode.net
Random832,unaffiliated/random832,random,sinisalo.freenode.net
sipior,tanelorn.astron.nl,Michael S. Sipior,card.freenode.net
lstanley,znc.liam.sh,Liam Stanley,weber.freenode.net
vivid,unaffiliated/vivid,realname,leguin.freenode.net
mrbinaer,37.120.69.236,mrbinaer,wilhelm.freenode.net
hatiac,5.153.234.10,Miko-Matias,orwell.freenode.net
phako,www.webstreams.de,Jens Georg,verne.freenode.net
Toobian,163.172.155.153,Cozy User,karatkievich.freenode.net
Hobbyboy,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-fqbyrfcjevawlgcx,Andrew,adams.freenode.net
workcjk,h-85-24-130-2.na.cust.bahnhof.se,Carl-Johan Kjellander,niven.freenode.net
Mr_Pan,unaffiliated/mr-pan/x-4457432,Guy Fawkes,adams.freenode.net
ludocode,24-246-0-251.cable.teksavvy.com,ludocode,adams.freenode.net
kolobyte,unaffiliated/kolobyte,kolobyte,weber.freenode.net
bsmith093,104.244.195.95,purple,barjavel.freenode.net
journeymangeek,62-210-108-142.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
darkgambit3,47.21.17.69,pit,tepper.freenode.net
ruicruz,unaffiliated/ruicruz,ruicruz,karatkievich.freenode.net
bipolar,offsite.guru,Benjamin Long,hitchcock.freenode.net
svip,unaffiliated/svip,svip,karatkievich.freenode.net
alvarr_etsa,mail.e-tervis.ee,alvarr,adams.freenode.net
Bladerunner,2604:180:1:706:0:1ced:c0:ffee,Bladerunner,karatkievich.freenode.net
noteness,unaffiliated/nessessary129,Tony Stark,adams.freenode.net
nullbites,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/nullbites,nullbites,asimov.freenode.net
xds,c-1cbfe655.02-252-70697410.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kkj,irc.nixlab.io,kkj,barjavel.freenode.net
deww,unaffiliated/deww,dc2,barjavel.freenode.net
Ceber,dslb-188-107-249-083.188.107.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Cerberus,orwell.freenode.net
ayypot,156.26.169.39,MYSTERY,niven.freenode.net
FMan,dsl-kvlbrasgw2-50dcc3-5.dhcp.inet.fi,FMan /Tropyx,hitchcock.freenode.net
Shibe,botters/ShibaInu,shibainu the programming doge,adams.freenode.net
cyphase,unaffiliated/cyphase,Cyphase,orwell.freenode.net
bonzibuddy,209.148.84.98,bonzibuddy del hamnstar,adams.freenode.net
MrC,mrbenc.net,Ben,asimov.freenode.net
Noskcaj,ubuntu/member/noskcaj,Jackson Doak,niven.freenode.net
M144,unaffiliated/m144,M144,barjavel.freenode.net
tomreyn,megaglest/team/tomreyn,Tom Reynolds,sinisalo.freenode.net
Mony,deimos.bg3.biz,Simeon,wolfe.freenode.net
PanicSkittle,unaffiliated/panicskittle,Matt,wilhelm.freenode.net
DrNo,112.58.7.51.dyn.plus.net,hullo,karatkievich.freenode.net
cn28h,valko.land,cn28h,weber.freenode.net
wizonesolutions,drupal.org/user/739994/view,WizOne Solutions,sinisalo.freenode.net
Shrooms,192.187.121.98,Shrooms,barjavel.freenode.net
dahlia,2607:5300:60:1c26::1,,wolfe.freenode.net
module000,grubbslab.org,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
Lunar_Lamp,unaffiliated/lunarlamp/x-038437,Lunar_Lamp,card.freenode.net
lift,2a04:1980:3100:1aab:e61d:2dff:fe29:f1e1,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
DonVitoCorleone,unaffiliated/donvitocorleone,Kraljeva-Garda,verne.freenode.net
nopf,felderundfiguren.de,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
Sigyn,freenode/utility-bot/sigyn,https://github.com/freenode/Sigyn,weber.freenode.net
TheFatherMind,cpe-104-34-204-52.socal.res.rr.com,...,leguin.freenode.net
navid,unaffiliated/navid,navid,wolfe.freenode.net
ben8472,2a01:66a0:ffe9:0:21e:6ff:fe33:9557,Ben,sinisalo.freenode.net
Dastardly,unaffiliated/dastardly,Richard Milhous Dastardly,niven.freenode.net
ineiros,kapsi.fi,Ilari Nieminen,card.freenode.net
telboon,unaffiliated/telboon,telboon,leguin.freenode.net
mindstorm,ip98-160-193-253.lv.lv.cox.net,mindstorm,card.freenode.net
porkstore,23.94.15.93,porkstore,wolfe.freenode.net
avdi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-itbkwoygqzimvnkw,Avdi Grimm,wilhelm.freenode.net
andywork,c83-255-185-112.bredband.comhem.se,realname,verne.freenode.net
narinder`,c-50-162-92-217.hsd1.tx.comcast.net,Narinder Gupta,card.freenode.net
Xarodon,128.199.39.94,Xarodon,card.freenode.net
precise,ec2-52-35-72-98.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,MrRobot,weber.freenode.net
gamester,85.187.99.46,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
jkt_,gateway/web/mozilla/x-oqvlfjthkjsnzhmz,Jonathan Kingston,niven.freenode.net
darmok,akar.errtu.de,Lars Heiermann,adams.freenode.net
jswagner,104.131.138.174,Jason S. Wagner,asimov.freenode.net
andatche,mule.andatche.com,Ben Arblaster,wolfe.freenode.net
discopatrick,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-grypkdfnrmsnxbxp,discopatrick,niven.freenode.net
LambdaComplex,lambda.complex.rocks,LambdaComplex,rajaniemi.freenode.net
malloc83,supafly.fwiw.co.za,mrhat,hitchcock.freenode.net
ashimema,cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust281.9-2.cable.virginm.net,Martin Renvoize,leguin.freenode.net
colints,185.21.218.140,fn-colints,hitchcock.freenode.net
ArsenArsen,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-jnbaaxhfsjvxwhxl,Arsen,niven.freenode.net
jasonsmr,108-218-242-100.lightspeed.austtx.sbcglobal.net,jasonsmr,leguin.freenode.net
Geom,112.211.59.83,Geom,wolfe.freenode.net
PaulW2U,ubuntu/member/paulw2u,Paul White,tepper.freenode.net
Nik05,unaffiliated/nik05,Nik05,kornbluth.freenode.net
xianghui_,116.35.213.162.lcy-02.canonistack.canonical.com,XIANGHUI,verne.freenode.net
ramses,nat-108.starnet.cz,ramses,verne.freenode.net
gosling,isis.rezometz.org,gosling,verne.freenode.net
Nothing4You,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
netsjanek,gateway/shell/bshellz.net/x-avkdgofkcvlmvklw,netsjanek,wilhelm.freenode.net
moestevens,unaffiliated/moestevens,Moe Stevens,karatkievich.freenode.net
lonix,alpha.lonix.me,Stian Larsen,karatkievich.freenode.net
tlyu,sarnath.mit.edu,Tom Yu,tepper.freenode.net
bitch,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-dzcbftikfslrouyk,Bitch please.,barjavel.freenode.net
WildyLion,45.32.185.17,Lion,hitchcock.freenode.net
zulgaban,115.135.31.124,zul,verne.freenode.net
fearnothing,unaffiliated/fearnothing,...,verne.freenode.net
ilken,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-jowailncwddatmmu,KM4QKW,wilhelm.freenode.net
messy,128.194.3.238,realname,niven.freenode.net
markelite,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-mvwzqsznmzjauohf,Mark,wolfe.freenode.net
Gabemo,unaffiliated/gabemo,offday.tv,tepper.freenode.net
iiddnn_,host221-223-dynamic.48-82-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,iacopodeenosee,sinisalo.freenode.net
Ben64,unaffiliated/ben64,Ben64,barjavel.freenode.net
Yxhuvud,c80-216-40-174.bredband.comhem.se,Linus Sellberg,verne.freenode.net
vadviktor,178.62.100.58,Viktor Vad,card.freenode.net
warrshrike,gateway/web/freenode/ip.39.46.31.58,39.46.31.58 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
David_Hedlund,94-245-53-33.customer.t3.se,purple,hitchcock.freenode.net
Ben65,unaffiliated/ben64,ben64,wolfe.freenode.net
OverCoder,codebottle.io/user/overcoder,YOU'RE NOW HAXED,niven.freenode.net
glebihan_,unaffiliated/glebihan,glebihan,niven.freenode.net
Kodax,host213-120-117-212.in-addr.btopenworld.com,Ice_Strike,orwell.freenode.net
drale2k,46.101.230.32,Daddy,asimov.freenode.net
Nyxus,cpc99306-croy26-2-0-cust20.19-2.cable.virginm.net,realname,orwell.freenode.net
lol768,bnc.lol768.com,lol768,asimov.freenode.net
Conder,109-230-55-79.dynamic.orange.sk,realname,leguin.freenode.net
ToBeFree,wikimedia/ToBeFree,Tobias "ToBeFree" Frei,kornbluth.freenode.net
Apachez,unaffiliated/apachez,realname,tepper.freenode.net
caw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ywsvooxsctafmlvb,Christopher Wood,adams.freenode.net
delinquentme,108-77-136-226.lightspeed.sntcca.sbcglobal.net,delinquentme,sinisalo.freenode.net
ubot9,ubuntu/bot/ubot93,Ubuntu OP's bot.,weber.freenode.net
meeseeks,ipwndyour.pw,rebel,rajaniemi.freenode.net
caliculk,unaffiliated/caliculk,skippyskit,wolfe.freenode.net
mgodzilla,2601:601:8801:2c90:c9e9:e764:902e:7498,zillus_maximus,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kins,kin.is.super.awesome.remuria.net,Chris M,karatkievich.freenode.net
postcert,104.209.183.161,Postcert,weber.freenode.net
BlackDex,ori.vyus.nl,BlackDex,wolfe.freenode.net
Namikaze,unaffiliated/namikaze,Christian,kornbluth.freenode.net
codfection,unaffiliated/codfection,realname,niven.freenode.net
mfisch,ubuntu/member/mfisch,Matt Fischer,karatkievich.freenode.net
emid,45.55.245.32,emid,orwell.freenode.net
giarc,fedora/giarc,Craig Thomas,karatkievich.freenode.net
m4v,ubuntu/member/m4v,Elián Hanisch,niven.freenode.net
mogreen,unaffiliated/mogreen,mogreen,sinisalo.freenode.net
z01d,195.154.45.0,zoidberg,sinisalo.freenode.net
RiPer,82.196.12.210,RiPer,verne.freenode.net
Shentino,gentoo/contributor/shentino,John Doe,barjavel.freenode.net
qassim,services.qassim.uk,qassim,hitchcock.freenode.net
bpye,unaffiliated/bpye,Ben,adams.freenode.net
Spr1ng,unaffiliated/spr1ng,Spr1ng,asimov.freenode.net
ksa,178.62.247.197,Kim Stig Andersen,verne.freenode.net
Seveas,seveas.net,Dennis Kaarsemaker,niven.freenode.net
exio4,unaffiliated/hacker,exio4,adams.freenode.net
joerg,ip-88-152-237-73.hsi03.unitymediagroup.de,Jörg Possin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lolmac,189.4.80.92,tom,leguin.freenode.net
soahccc,2a01:4f8:131:206::2,Soahc,adams.freenode.net
tombtc,unaffiliated/tombtc,tombtc,niven.freenode.net
tdn,syrah.adora.dk,Thomas,wilhelm.freenode.net
sahanalog,82.71.213.57,sahanalog,tepper.freenode.net
mwfc,playerpiano.mwfc.info,mwfc,wolfe.freenode.net
CanoeBerry,216.126.196.39,CanoeBerry,karatkievich.freenode.net
bitner,2001:19f0:300:61b2:5400:ff:fe13:3fba,David Bitner,wolfe.freenode.net
sigabrt,2001:4800:7815:103:51a2:7807:ff04:96bc,sigabrt,wilhelm.freenode.net
lifeeth,unaffiliated/lifeeth,Praneeth Bodduluri,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Researcher-,gtld.ovh,AnycastCloud v31919b - CF ID:awxa335,wilhelm.freenode.net
poxifide,botters/deathspawn,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
Skittle,botters/deathspawn/bot/skittle,Skittle,wilhelm.freenode.net
TheSwedishTower,unaffiliated/theswedishtower,TheSwedishTower,verne.freenode.net
fredg999,2-249-161-219-no2202.tbcn.telia.com,Frédéric Gagné,barjavel.freenode.net
AeonMasamune,2-249-161-219-no2202.tbcn.telia.com,AeonMasamune,asimov.freenode.net
kamek,botters/deathspawn,kamek,niven.freenode.net
The_Noid,2-249-161-219-no2202.tbcn.telia.com,The_Noid,niven.freenode.net
USOOG-Jenkins,2-249-161-219-no2202.tbcn.telia.com,PircBotX 2.0.1, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bo,wolfe.freenode.net
shik,icpc.csie.ntu.edu.tw,shik,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tylerni7,copyfighter.org,tyler,card.freenode.net
keidii,81.2.245.244,not-root-lol,wolfe.freenode.net
_0ne,unaffiliated/one/x-5029929,one,leguin.freenode.net
d3non,p.futw.eu,d3non,kornbluth.freenode.net
blasty`,2a02:2770:12:0:21a:4aff:fe07:7b2c,NO MORE FREE HUGS,wolfe.freenode.net
wolvg,doppler.the-k.at,wolvg,hitchcock.freenode.net
straumer,skybox.cloud.tilaa.com,Matthías Ragnarsson,hitchcock.freenode.net
snow1,lak-73-31.wohnheime.ruhr-uni-bochum.de,Adium User,weber.freenode.net
taiga3,188.166.19.53,flxtaiga,tepper.freenode.net
mort|s,ks23429.kimsufi.com,mortis,asimov.freenode.net
angreifer,angreifer.org,Kevin,sinisalo.freenode.net
ricky,fedora/ricky,Ricky Zhou,weber.freenode.net
javex,2001:19f0:5800:914d:5400:ff:fe21:69fb,javex,adams.freenode.net
lucebac,unaffiliated/lucebac,lucebac,orwell.freenode.net
understrich,no-trace.cc,understrich,barjavel.freenode.net
_Immo,unaffiliated/immo/x-4676012,Immo,verne.freenode.net
asante,unaffiliated/asante,asante,wilhelm.freenode.net
pirateking,unaffiliated/ajithps,pirate,hitchcock.freenode.net
fluxchief,0x90.cc,Chief,weber.freenode.net
silas___,67.215.255.142,Null,niven.freenode.net
backtiq,91.214.168.38,backtiq,wolfe.freenode.net
zozo_,128.199.94.175,zoro,card.freenode.net
TheJH,thejh.net,Jann Horn,niven.freenode.net
freddyb,fluxfingers.syssec.ruhr-uni-bochum.de,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
audioPhil,unaffiliated/audiophil1,audioPhil,niven.freenode.net
lightbarrier,213.ip-213-32-89.eu,lightbarrier,niven.freenode.net
comawill,2a01:4f8:c17:642e::2,comawill,niven.freenode.net
pez,unaffiliated/pez,pez pez pez,adams.freenode.net
abra0,unaffiliated/abra0,abra_abra,kornbluth.freenode.net
mpex,unaffiliated/drunkenpanda,mpex,wolfe.freenode.net
m3tamantra,v22016103954139400.bestsrv.de,m3tamantra,hitchcock.freenode.net
BenjaminDeuter,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-crmhqqofbogtvvog,Benjamin Deuter,leguin.freenode.net
plonk,unaffiliated/plonk,plonk,barjavel.freenode.net
dteske,64.201.244.139,dteske,asimov.freenode.net
PAF_,2001:41d0:52:300::656,PAF,wilhelm.freenode.net
stor,unaffiliated/stor,stor,asimov.freenode.net
corrosive,46.101.122.203,Chris,karatkievich.freenode.net
dbuq,unaffiliated/dbuq,dbuq,kornbluth.freenode.net
D4rk,unaffiliated/d4rk,D4rk,orwell.freenode.net
nsaspy,82.146.43.148,root,card.freenode.net
fxrh,gateway/shell/uberspace.de/x-xlxvbirwgmahlmqa,fxrh,wolfe.freenode.net
depierre,depier.re,depierre,verne.freenode.net
Oxsh,95.85.9.194,oshell,barjavel.freenode.net
odinj,178.62.200.221,odinj,niven.freenode.net
gsingh93,104.236.206.26,gsingh93,wilhelm.freenode.net
repnzscasb,unaffiliated/repnzscasb,repnzscasb,asimov.freenode.net
sudhackar,13.76.43.189,sudhackar,adams.freenode.net
factoreal,unaffiliated/factoreal,factoreal,hitchcock.freenode.net
guy_,unaffiliated/guy/x-2189580,guy,adams.freenode.net
peperunas,mail.giugl.io,peperunas,orwell.freenode.net
soulstoned_,2nerds1bit.com,soulstoned,barjavel.freenode.net
SleepyIS1S,46.101.193.200,ISIS,karatkievich.freenode.net
crowell,unaffiliated/crowell,Jeffrey Crowell,barjavel.freenode.net
Lenkh,81.4.120.212,Lenkh,hitchcock.freenode.net
hkr,unaffiliated/hkr/x-6459160,Heidar,tepper.freenode.net
ratleb,191.236.114.23,ratleb,orwell.freenode.net
eboda,2a00:c1e0:0:2:216:3eff:feb0:4e17,eboda,rajaniemi.freenode.net
m4tt__,devsub.net,matt,adams.freenode.net
klassiker,lupia.eu,realname,niven.freenode.net
saidelike,2001:41d0:1:e240::1,saidelike,adams.freenode.net
s_kunk,unaffiliated/s-kunk/x-5139101,s_kunk,wilhelm.freenode.net
akiym,www6317uj.sakura.ne.jp,akiym,weber.freenode.net
mak`,lokalhost.pl,mak,kornbluth.freenode.net
evonide,static.88-198-176-43.clients.your-server.de,evonide,wilhelm.freenode.net
n0p[cc],git.n0p.cc,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
Sin__,185.92.223.2,Real Name,rajaniemi.freenode.net
murx,zankapfel.org,mur ks,card.freenode.net
analprolapse,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mdjtmvbbeakskzve,John Doe,adams.freenode.net
dwuid,unaffiliated/dwuid,dwuid,orwell.freenode.net
tmcaffeine,unaffiliated/tmcaffeine,Too Much Caffeine,card.freenode.net
ldon,178.17.170.110,ldon,hobana.freenode.net
chaignc,2001:41d0:8:50d2::1,chaignc,wilhelm.freenode.net
KT,unaffiliated/kt-sah/x-2873264,KT,sinisalo.freenode.net
takeshix,adversec.com,takeshix,orwell.freenode.net
eZ_,sicher.me,eZ,hitchcock.freenode.net
kw,doppler.the-k.at,kw,hitchcock.freenode.net
_laco,static.183.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,laco,weber.freenode.net
wilr,douglas.conostix.com,honey_nickserv,karatkievich.freenode.net
Ssquidly,62-210-99-150.rev.poneytelecom.eu,squidly,asimov.freenode.net
anthraxx,archlinux/developer/anthraxx,anthraxx,kornbluth.freenode.net
kunte_,unaffiliated/kunte/x-6401438,Lukas,tepper.freenode.net
Waywardsun,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xquhwzoakpumweda,Wayward,adams.freenode.net
SLAZ,unaffiliated/ant0n,SLAZ,asimov.freenode.net
gbr_,unaffiliated/gbr,gbr,sinisalo.freenode.net
Dad`,unaffiliated/dad/x-6432127,Dad,karatkievich.freenode.net
qll_,unaffiliated/qll,qll,verne.freenode.net
Tek,unaffiliated/teknogeek,Joel Margolis,card.freenode.net
st3phn,unaffiliated/st3phn,haxxx,asimov.freenode.net
awe_,212.83.129.72,awe,barjavel.freenode.net
Factionwars,ev0.nl,Factionwars,verne.freenode.net
sigtrap__,ec2-52-33-170-171.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,allisonwonderland,weber.freenode.net
Clarkcj,wikipedia/Clarkcj12,Clarkcj,wolfe.freenode.net
z_AlexJFox,wikipedia/AlexJFox,Alex Fox,wilhelm.freenode.net
revi,wikimedia/-revi,revi - https://revi.xyz,adams.freenode.net
Matthew_,wikimedia/matthewrbowker,matthewrbowker,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
stwalkerster,wikimedia/stwalkerster,Simon Walker (fearow.lon.stwalkerster.net),verne.freenode.net
Helpmebot,wikimedia/bot/helpmebot,Helpmebot (helpmebot@helpmebot.org.uk) - IRC bot,karatkievich.freenode.net
L235,wikipedia/fsf.member.Lixxx235,Kevin ([[en:User:L235]]),wilhelm.freenode.net
FastLizard4,wikipedia/pdpc.active.FastLizard4,Doing what I must, because I can.  For science.  Y,orwell.freenode.net
ryanpetrello,2607:f298:5:101d:f816:3eff:fe0b:2317,Ryan Petrello,karatkievich.freenode.net
slobber,unaffiliated/linkxs,slobber,wilhelm.freenode.net
afranc,2001:558:fc11:1:f816:3eff:fe19:5bd,Luke,adams.freenode.net
ronis,46.109.203.87,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
rods,ip-173-236-253-26.nodes.dreamcompute.net,Rosario Di Somma,wilhelm.freenode.net
t0mb0_,gateway/shell/firrre/x-rmsqoxnjggulehsf,t0mb0,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
owlbot,pct-empresas-50.uc3m.es,Supybot 0.83.4.1,barjavel.freenode.net
nolan,2001:470:1:41:a800:ff:fe3e:ad08,nolan,sinisalo.freenode.net
markmcclain,2607:f298:6050:eb8f:f816:3eff:fe38:5f3f,Mark McClain,karatkievich.freenode.net
Rodericus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pkaxabquwtewatcs,Rōderīcus, -ī,adams.freenode.net
rezan,ec2-54-69-96-107.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Reza Naghibi,asimov.freenode.net
sagerdearia,unaffiliated/necrodearia,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
mrcus,veldigsnill.no,Marcus,sinisalo.freenode.net
jmdrawneek,cpc92806-seac26-2-0-cust4.7-2.cable.virginm.net,jmdrawneek,niven.freenode.net
busticated,c-24-21-207-146.hsd1.or.comcast.net,Textual User,wolfe.freenode.net
locks,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lcifnrfekjzgcomz,ricardo mendes,adams.freenode.net
fiQmob,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tkxrlipbcnaauvqg,Isak Rubin,wilhelm.freenode.net
mrtazz,leviathan.unwiredcouch.com,Daniel,tepper.freenode.net
MonsterAbyss,162.243.210.129,MonsterAbyss,tepper.freenode.net
carvite,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,carvite,wolfe.freenode.net
Zachary_DuBois,yukimorikawa.zacharydubois.net,Zachary DuBois,barjavel.freenode.net
ELLIOTTCABLE,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qkatvegbxzvtudpe,Elliott Cable,sinisalo.freenode.net
Cenbe,unaffiliated/cenbe,Glenn Holmer,tepper.freenode.net
ghavil,unaffiliated/geekatcomputers,Wouldn't you like to know...,orwell.freenode.net
McMartin,107-223-214-115.lightspeed.sntcca.sbcglobal.net,Michael Martin,sinisalo.freenode.net
mist64,208.87.56.229,Michael Steil,asimov.freenode.net
holoway,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ykxlfwawourogbej,Adam Jacob,adams.freenode.net
VonGuardian,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wqkrmzdedzoqzvmr,VonGuard,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
DrGkill,LFbn-1-1932-237.w90-73.abo.wanadoo.fr,...,sinisalo.freenode.net
atha,unaffiliated/athayde,Tiago Athayde,wolfe.freenode.net
apahim,nat/redhat/x-uakgxlurjgqgujgv,Amador Pahim,hitchcock.freenode.net
haesbaert,naiad.spacehopper.org,Christiano Farina Haesbaert,karatkievich.freenode.net
DiegoNeves,bruce.diegoneves.eti.br,Diego Neves,wolfe.freenode.net
atum`,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-msoeyywezpxpnchm,$logo25,karatkievich.freenode.net
mibotz,2607:f0d0:1101:84:9::12c,Supybot 0.83.4.1,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
aquini,nat/redhat/x-bijcxyozwnysuznl,Rafael Aquini,adams.freenode.net
adrianorg,177.156.228.106,Adriano Rafael Gomes,karatkievich.freenode.net
rmars,95.85.61.177,Ricardo,weber.freenode.net
abhinand_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pcfexghmrvhnoukw,Abhinand,sinisalo.freenode.net
musk_1107,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ycofyuknayjzuitb,Chiranjeeb Mahanta,niven.freenode.net
th3_j0k3r,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nzpapnhsdevvmywp,aki,sinisalo.freenode.net
joyceg,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hhnmchssjzlptzdd,geojoy,karatkievich.freenode.net
aniketh_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yodolbqlwrvhgtie,Aniketh Girish,adams.freenode.net
gayathri96,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eqdwehgvijtyqmzd,Gayathri,wolfe.freenode.net
tonythomas,wikimedia/-01tonythomas,Tony Thomas,sinisalo.freenode.net
wm-bot3,wikimedia/bot/wm-bot,wm-bot,hitchcock.freenode.net
sagarhani,fedora/sagarhani,sagarhani,leguin.freenode.net
c0mrad3_,fedora/dhanvi,Tummala Dhanvi (c0mrad3),adams.freenode.net
nitcbot,ec2-54-172-193-200.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nodeJS IRC client,barjavel.freenode.net
c0mrad3,fedora/dhanvi,Tummala Dhanvi (c0mrad3),adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
rahul_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pntbfwhakhdrkpat,rahul,karatkievich.freenode.net
Cyber-WarDaddy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dsliwrhkdiantpej,Derek Thomas,niven.freenode.net
Kate-o,unaffiliated/kateo/x-334924,kate-o,wilhelm.freenode.net
jdogherman,104.167.116.141,jdogherman,karatkievich.freenode.net
jadedtreebeard,unaffiliated/sukotto-san/x-7667418,jaded treebeard,verne.freenode.net
moey,unaffiliated/moey,moey,weber.freenode.net
blacksyke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-avvyrymdcnkvesic,blacksyke,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ZenM0de,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uljycukzhatelwns,ZenM0de,adams.freenode.net
promina,unaffiliated/promina,realname,verne.freenode.net
Noskcaj,ubuntu/member/noskcaj,Jackson Doak,niven.freenode.net
vinzv,fedora/vinzv,vinzv,asimov.freenode.net
yofel,ubuntu/member/yofel,Philip Muskovac,niven.freenode.net
devil_,2a01:238:43b2:2300:4074:d967:4ee0:f1ca,,,,,adams.freenode.net
JanC,lugwv/member/JanC,Jan Claeys,wilhelm.freenode.net
kwmiebach__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ctegzgolqtindoyv,Kurt Miebach,wilhelm.freenode.net
genpaku,107.191.100.185,genpaku,asimov.freenode.net
ckuehl,nitrogen.techxonline.net,Chris Kuehl,wolfe.freenode.net
teo-,kde/teo,Teo,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
mythos,unaffiliated/mythos,mythos,sinisalo.freenode.net
sidmo_,p5489DAE3.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,sidmo,tepper.freenode.net
musca,tyrael.eu,musca,karatkievich.freenode.net
Dykam,2a03:b0c0:0:1010::da:5001,Dykam,niven.freenode.net
Donno,kodi/staff/Donno,Donno,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
StM,2001:41d0:a:243e::1,StM,karatkievich.freenode.net
Orvid_,2601:646:c300:e69d::508d,Orvid King,wilhelm.freenode.net
nanovad,unaffiliated/nanovad,Nick D,orwell.freenode.net
ybden,unaffiliated/ybden,Ralph Holmes,leguin.freenode.net
vehk,unaffiliated/vehk,Ben Reich,leguin.freenode.net
sortie,dhcp-5-186-120-80.cgn.ip.fibianet.dk,Jonas 'Sortie' Termansen,wolfe.freenode.net
thinkpol,130.225.0.251,thinkpol,sinisalo.freenode.net
zgrep,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ikqcuoaplthwubbw,zgrep,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
FireFly,freenode/staff/firefly,FireFly,verne.freenode.net
weevhy,c-73-71-116-179.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,fuck you,adams.freenode.net
tmoreira,redhat/tmoreira,Tiago Moreira Vieira,asimov.freenode.net
zodbot,fedora/bot/zodbot,Limnoria installed on 2016-06-11T19-31-21,orwell.freenode.net
Devilment,cpc1-jarr13-2-0-cust241.16-2.cable.virginm.net,David Robinson,tepper.freenode.net
M4rc3l,unaffiliated/m4rc3l,marcel1,kornbluth.freenode.net
Sonar_Gal,fedora/SonarGal,NobodyKnows,sinisalo.freenode.net
fedbot,scrye.com,Limnoria installed on 2016-06-04T17-20-28,weber.freenode.net
mbooth,redhat/mbooth,Mat Booth,adams.freenode.net
webpigeon,kat.vps.livebytes.co.uk,Joseph Walton-Rivers,card.freenode.net
SuperMatt,matty.digital,Matthew Ames,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
fale,fedora/fale,Fabio Alessandro Locati,wilhelm.freenode.net
muggahtee,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ahppadwdxhllbrln,Oliver,wolfe.freenode.net
corenominal,ubuntu/member/corenominal,Philip Newborough,card.freenode.net
FranciscoD,pdpc/supporter/active/franciscod,Ankur Sinha,tepper.freenode.net
martinus__,111.239.24.109.rev.sfr.net,Got ZNC?,leguin.freenode.net
bilbo-the-hobbit,195.154.20.131,Got ZNC?,barjavel.freenode.net
K1412,198.141-66-87.adsl-dyn.isp.belgacom.be,KVIrc 4.2.0 Equilibrium http://kvirc.net/,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ilbot3,tina.perlgeek.de,irc log bot, http://moritz.faui2k3.org/en/ilbot,leguin.freenode.net
nesthib,unaffiliated/nesthib,nesthib,barjavel.freenode.net
pti-jean_,131.27.124.78.rev.sfr.net,Jean-Marc M.,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
shayne,d14-69-32-57.try.wideopenwest.com,shayne baudelaire,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
darsie,84-113-55-42.cable.dynamic.surfer.at,1I am male,card.freenode.net
Peng_,unaffiliated/peng,Matt Nordhoff,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Tm_T,ubuntu/member/kde.developer.jkekkonen,Tm_T is also known as Jussi Kekkonen,leguin.freenode.net
asheesh,109.166.211.130.bc.googleusercontent.com,Asheesh Laroia,adams.freenode.net
JanC,lugwv/member/JanC,Jan Claeys,wilhelm.freenode.net
procyon,a.cutie.taryn.io,procyon,niven.freenode.net
nhandler,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.nhandler,Nathan Handler,karatkievich.freenode.net
hypatia,ubuntu/member/hypa7ia,hypatia,wilhelm.freenode.net
kloeri,freenode/staff/exherbo.kloeri,Bryan Ostergaard,orwell.freenode.net
Gareth,znc.wiked.org,Gareth J. Greenaway,card.freenode.net
gonyere,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ghcvyfaymlbenwgg,Emily Gonyer,adams.freenode.net
ubot9,ubuntu/bot/ubot93,Ubuntu OP's bot.,weber.freenode.net
kitten|cloud,defocus/regular/crazycatlady,kitten,adams.freenode.net
belkinsa,ubuntu/member/belkinsa,Svetlana Belkin,karatkievich.freenode.net
pendulum,ubuntu/member/pendulum,Penelope,wolfe.freenode.net
fsckd,april-fools/2013/runnerup/fsckd,~,tepper.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
Ciblia,unaffiliated/mikaela,Mikaela Suomalainen <https://mikaela.info/>,niven.freenode.net
nigelb,unaffiliated/nigelb,nigelb,verne.freenode.net
meskarune,unaffiliated/meskarune,Dolores Portalatin,karatkievich.freenode.net
bottitytto,192.241.237.138,Botti Tytt�,leguin.freenode.net
DalekSec,ubuntu/member/unit193,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
e,freenode/staff/spy.edk,Ed Kellett,niven.freenode.net
amelia_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-txvczwruczizcswm,Amelia,adams.freenode.net
valorie,amarok/team/valorie,Valorie Zimmerman,adams.freenode.net
yar,unaffiliated/yar,yar,asimov.freenode.net
Peng,unaffiliated/peng,Matt Nordhoff,barjavel.freenode.net
ubottu,ubuntu/bot/ubottu,Ubuntu IRC Bot,karatkievich.freenode.net
maco,unaffiliated/maco,Mackenzie,wilhelm.freenode.net
ToyKeeper,canonical/toykeeper,Selene Scriven,wolfe.freenode.net
erdic,unaffiliated/motley,erdic,wilhelm.freenode.net
Mamarok,amarok/team/mamarok,Myriam Schweingruber,adams.freenode.net
james_w,89.145.97.141,James Westby,karatkievich.freenode.net
Mikaela,unaffiliated/mikaela,Mikaela Suomalainen <https://mikaela.info/>,wilhelm.freenode.net
sbeattie,208-151-246-43.dq1sn.easystreet.com,Steve Beattie <steve@nxnw.org>,card.freenode.net
jflory7,fedora/jflory7,Justin W. Flory,card.freenode.net
ahoneybun,ubuntu/member/ahoneybun,Aaron Honeycutt,weber.freenode.net
elky,ubuntu/member/pdpc.professional.elky,elky,wilhelm.freenode.net
Einherjer,69.64.40.177,Viking,leguin.freenode.net
IdleOne,ubuntu/member/idleone,IdleOne,wilhelm.freenode.net
Defaultti,lakka.kapsi.fi,Defaultti,rajaniemi.freenode.net
adborden,a14n.net,Aaron D Borden,orwell.freenode.net
ajay,2001:4830:134:7::11,Ajay Garg,wilhelm.freenode.net
oneironaut,209-6-207-71.c3-0.smr-ubr2.sbo-smr.ma.cable.rcn.com,null,verne.freenode.net
kristianpaul,unaffiliated/kristianpaul,Cristian Paul Peñaranda Rojas,niven.freenode.net
Boquete,139.59.136.171,Pete Antosh,niven.freenode.net
neyder,2001:4830:134:7::11,Neyder Achahuanco Apaza,wilhelm.freenode.net
icarito,2001:4830:134:7::11,Sebastian Silva,wilhelm.freenode.net
bertf,www.freudenbergs.de,Bert Freudenberg,wilhelm.freenode.net
CanoeBerry,216.126.196.39,CanoeBerry,karatkievich.freenode.net
scg,sunjammer.sugarlabs.org,Samuel Cantero,weber.freenode.net
kushal,fedora/kushal,Kushal Das,asimov.freenode.net
kaametza,2001:4830:134:7::11,Laura Vargas,wilhelm.freenode.net
vacause,45.55.192.98,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Besnik_b,athedsl-301627.home.otenet.gr,Besnik Beta,sinisalo.freenode.net
reubencaron,antitheft.laptop.org,Reuben K. Caron,karatkievich.freenode.net
mtd,188.172.153.157,Martin Dengler,karatkievich.freenode.net
meeting,rev-18-85-44-69.sugarlabs.org,Supybot 0.83.4.1,wolfe.freenode.net
quidam,fsf/staff/quidam,Ruben Rodriguez,niven.freenode.net
m_anish__,216.126.196.39,Anish Mangal,tepper.freenode.net
soakbot,ec2-54-159-182-75.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://github.com/waddlesplash/soakbot,card.freenode.net
rgs,ec2-54-183-71-223.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Raul Gutierrez Segales,adams.freenode.net
linuxmodder,fedora/linuxmodder,linuxmodder,sinisalo.freenode.net
smithbone,owl.laptop.org,Richard Smith,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bossjones,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oukwsmirmtxkulty,bossjones,wolfe.freenode.net
ClaudiaU,antitheft.laptop.org,Claudia Urrea,weber.freenode.net
bernie,sunjammer.sugarlabs.org,Bernie Innocenti,sinisalo.freenode.net
eMBee,foresight/developer/pike/programmer,Martin B�hr,niven.freenode.net
gsareon,dhcp-e4-6f-13-30-c-c7.cpe.powergate.ca,gsareon,karatkievich.freenode.net
_laco,static.183.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,laco,weber.freenode.net
eightdot,customer-212-084-140-031.solcon.nl,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
m_anish,2001:4830:134:7::11,Anish Mangal,wilhelm.freenode.net
dzho,unaffiliated/dzho,D. Joe,adams.freenode.net
sridhar,2001:4830:134:7::11,Sridhar Dhanapalan,wilhelm.freenode.net
ignacio,2001:4830:134:7::11,Ignacio Rodriguez,wilhelm.freenode.net
martin_xsa,activation.laptop.org,Martin Langhoff,barjavel.freenode.net
quaid,fedora/quaid,Karsten Wade,wilhelm.freenode.net
santiago,debian/developer/santiago,Santiago R.R.,adams.freenode.net
c0mrad3,fedora/dhanvi,Tummala Dhanvi (c0mrad3),adams.freenode.net
jflory7,fedora/jflory7,Justin W. Flory,card.freenode.net
pbrobinson,dozer.roving-it.com,PBRobinson,niven.freenode.net
joelmx,46.101.213.165,not joel,asimov.freenode.net
gruetzkopf,captured-elf.dont-follow-me.eu,gruetzkopf,kornbluth.freenode.net
gvso,host-133.58.217.201.copaco.com.py,realname,adams.freenode.net
satellit,2601:602:200:94f1::608a,satellit,karatkievich.freenode.net
thejoecarroll_,dev.sihti.fi,Carroll",niven.freenode.net
permalac,hx-dnat-243.ebi.ac.uk,realname,leguin.freenode.net
[o__o],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me,verne.freenode.net
bvi,bvi.wtf,bvi,barjavel.freenode.net
blahdodo,69.172.164.248,Peter Pickford,verne.freenode.net
ruchlos,2001:1bc8:1a6:e2a6:225:22ff:fe30:b22e,Teemu Mannermaa,wolfe.freenode.net
cliles,ip70-189-165-7.lv.lv.cox.net,cliles,weber.freenode.net
FriedBob,puppetlabs/support/friedbob,Fried Green Bob,wilhelm.freenode.net
zerkalo,ny1.hashbang.sh,myricae,adams.freenode.net
decay,87-236-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,decay,adams.freenode.net
lkoranda,nat/redhat/x-abbdzmvognypdtnh,L.K.,adams.freenode.net
ken_barber,puppetlabs/eng/ken-barber,Ken Barber,sinisalo.freenode.net
gautier,62-210-81-141.rev.poneytelecom.eu,gautier,niven.freenode.net
bbu,teamgros.org,bbu,adams.freenode.net
Gayst,unvrai.info,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
i0_,freyja.liqnuks.info,i0,weber.freenode.net
helldorado,ip249.ip-92-222-234.eu,Helldorado,verne.freenode.net
mackripe_,gw-to-666.outscale.net,mackripeum,orwell.freenode.net
warp,195-154-162-42.rev.poneytelecom.eu,General Warp.,weber.freenode.net
Bastichou__,CAT3-OFFICE.CLICHY1.ECRITEL.NET,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
GridCube,unaffiliated/soupermanito,realname,adams.freenode.net
mimecar,unaffiliated/mimecar,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
kubot,unaffiliated/m4v/bot/kubot,Spanish Infobot: http://wiki.ubuntu.com/m4v/kubot,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
guampa,unaffiliated/guampa,g,verne.freenode.net
niko,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.niko,Nicolas Coevoet,weber.freenode.net
m4v,ubuntu/member/m4v,Elián Hanisch,niven.freenode.net
uBOTu-fr,ubuntu/bot/ubotu-fr,http://ubuntu-fr.org,leguin.freenode.net
pythonsnake,fedora/pythonsnake,pythonsnake,barjavel.freenode.net
niqnaq,unaffiliated/niqnaq,full name,asimov.freenode.net
JoldWebb,cpe-173-89-60-145.wi.res.rr.com,Jold Webb,tepper.freenode.net
hsoj_,unaffiliated/hsoj/x-5544326,Josh Yaganeh,niven.freenode.net
ieure,104.131.133.144,Ian Eure,adams.freenode.net
jdt,208.85.233.130,Justin Thomas,card.freenode.net
mrtazz,leviathan.unwiredcouch.com,Daniel,tepper.freenode.net
emilyst,c-71-193-182-50.hsd1.or.comcast.net,emilyst,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nickc2,107.170.252.81,nickc,niven.freenode.net
kieren,zaftig.tigs.org,kieren,wolfe.freenode.net
sathieu_home,ver44-2-82-242-128-108.fbx.proxad.net,Mathieu Parent,adams.freenode.net
SkyRocknRoll,unaffiliated/skyrocknroll,SkyRocknRoll,karatkievich.freenode.net
m0nky,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kdnazopnpgavrmyi,Bill John,adams.freenode.net
apol,147.127.193.20,Aleix Pol,wolfe.freenode.net
fid_jose,27.72.117.91.dynamic.reverse-mundo-r.com,fid,wilhelm.freenode.net
vblazquez,kde/blazquez,Vic,niven.freenode.net
JanKusanagi,90.24.23.95.dynamic.jazztel.es,JanKusanagi,asimov.freenode.net
ereslibre,kde/ereslibre,Rafael Fern�ndez L�pez,tepper.freenode.net
antlarr2,85.137.124.240.dyn.user.ono.com,Antonio Larrosa,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
afiestas,gateway/shell/kde/x-zaukppppwlibtqrf,Àlex Fiestas,adams.freenode.net
Nekmo,90.173.97.125,nekmo,leguin.freenode.net
pbs,mordor.linux.net.pl,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
honej,debian/developer/honey,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
elio,sloniewski.pl,`whois ELIO-RIPE`,asimov.freenode.net
gahan,breath.hu,just me,verne.freenode.net
seprob,shell.uw-team.org,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
RMF,217.73.31.10,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
gaberfh,inferno.hell.pl,Marcin Gabrowski,niven.freenode.net
gaber,unaffiliated/gaber,Marcin Gabrowski,karatkievich.freenode.net
syndrom_,77-253-94-21.adsl.inetia.pl,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
taihen,ogre.taihen.org,Andrzej Wolski,leguin.freenode.net
Agusia,nibylandia.gabrowska.pl,Agnieszka Bohosiewicz-Gabrowska,barjavel.freenode.net
wpk,pld-linux/wpk,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
mmazur,ep09.pld-linux.org,Mariusz Mazur,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
gregj,pdpc/supporter/student/gregj,Greg Jaskiewicz,wolfe.freenode.net
Wieszczu,team.pld-linux.org,Wieszczu,verne.freenode.net
Druplicon,drupal/bot/druplicon,Druplicon :http://drupal.org/project/bot,asimov.freenode.net
wizonesolutions,drupal.org/user/739994/view,WizOne Solutions,sinisalo.freenode.net
Lowell,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-onuvnsvbiskqnnbo,Lowell,karatkievich.freenode.net
fatguylaughing,worx01.worxco.com,Steven Brown,wilhelm.freenode.net
pookie,unaffiliated/epitron,Pookie D. Bot,card.freenode.net
epitron,unaffiliated/epitron,epitron,weber.freenode.net
skorgu,pylon.skorgu.net,skorgu,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Fireye,nginx/adept/fireye,fireye,niven.freenode.net
double-p,ns2.opc-club.de,what's REAL NAME?,leguin.freenode.net
Elizabeth,spy/botters.Eliz,Elizabeth,weber.freenode.net
swc|666__,Aircrack-NG/Friend,a white guy,barjavel.freenode.net
jaybe,unaffiliated/jaybe,jaybe,karatkievich.freenode.net
vandemar,nginx/adept/vandemar,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
TaiSHi,unaffiliated/taishi,taishi,card.freenode.net
jekyllrb,unaffiliated/jekyllrb,jekyllrb,hitchcock.freenode.net
merlincorey,sm.ok.es.nu.gs,merlin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gossip-bot,c7.complang.tuwien.ac.at,Supybot 0.83.4.1,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cacao-bb,c1.complang.tuwien.ac.at,None,karatkievich.freenode.net
guillaum1,89-156-121-90.rev.numericable.fr,Guillaume Legris,barjavel.freenode.net
dinfuehr,193-83-141-152.adsl.highway.telekom.at,Dominik Inführ,tepper.freenode.net
zapster_cc,phoenix.zapster.cc,Josef Eisl,orwell.freenode.net
gnu_andrew,redhat/gnu-andrew,Andrew John Hughes,wolfe.freenode.net
xBugZbot,unaffiliated/notevil/bot/xbugzbot,http://sopel.chat/ python bot owned by notevil,asimov.freenode.net
bugz_bot,unaffiliated/bugz-bot/x-7531243,GumbyBRAIN v2,asimov.freenode.net
Skel_Eloren,unaffiliated/skel-eloren/x-7668657,Skel Eloren,sinisalo.freenode.net
Shara,unaffiliated/shara,Shara,niven.freenode.net
helios21,lichtvoll.de,Martin Steigerwald,,,,leguin.freenode.net
HarikanLogbot,usve103754.serverprofi24.com,HarikanLogbot,barjavel.freenode.net
Shkirr,109-184-18-3.dynamic.mts-nn.ru,purple,wilhelm.freenode.net
darvon,107.191.100.185,darvon,barjavel.freenode.net
pfallenop,unaffiliated/contempt,paralela,rajaniemi.freenode.net
geronimobot,209.188.14.147,None,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Errorific,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kelhhaothrhubshx,Christopher Mckay,adams.freenode.net
jedws,119.17.160.225,Jed,adams.freenode.net
seanparsons,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tgmihaopxivcgkxr,Sean Parsons,adams.freenode.net
relrod,redhat/relrod,rickymain,asimov.freenode.net
bkolera,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fwujozaqmicxxyoc,Ben Kolera,barjavel.freenode.net
aloiscochard,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wfrbmiyckodmnunm,Alois Cochard,tepper.freenode.net
reactormonk,mehl.schokokeks.org,reactormonk,adams.freenode.net
adelbertc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cdfbxmlidleurtea,adelbertc,wilhelm.freenode.net
dibblego,haskell/developer/dibblego,Tony Morris,leguin.freenode.net
ostefano,cl-1212.ams-05.nl.sixxs.net,Stefano,leguin.freenode.net
georgew,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-frkzoaltjiwkzrqg,George Wilson,karatkievich.freenode.net
mbrcknl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fffgwjolumyrpcjy,Matthew Brecknell,adams.freenode.net
plaguedentity,pool-173-54-121-247.nwrknj.fios.verizon.net,realname,niven.freenode.net
qu1j0t3,kvm5.telegraphics.com.au,FurnaceBoy,orwell.freenode.net
gpampara,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-uhnudbvdnaahmwnx,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,barjavel.freenode.net
cschneid,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe73:9540,cschneid,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
SpatWeekend,gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.195.14.102.8,Spaturno,tepper.freenode.net
Gaggo,static.222.226.46.78.clients.your-server.de,Gaggo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Bucciarati,u.nix.is,Fernando Vezzosi,niven.freenode.net
LeartS,host151-206-dynamic.25-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,learts,orwell.freenode.net
vinnie92,unaffiliated/vinnie92,vinnie92,card.freenode.net
gufo,obraka.cloud.tilaa.com,zero,karatkievich.freenode.net
Emperorpenguin,107.170.80.143,Emperorpenguin,weber.freenode.net
MacGeek,host203-250-dynamic.17-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,MacGeek,hitchcock.freenode.net
zippoweb,151.30.68.239,Zippoweb,niven.freenode.net
Sempiternum,unaffiliated/sempiternum,Sempiternum,roddenberry.freenode.net
ik5pvx,porceddu.fugedabout.it,Pierfrancesco Caci,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gtklocker,snf-717733.vm.okeanos.grnet.gr,gtklocker,karatkievich.freenode.net
ThinkXenT,static-167.mi.telnet.wide-net.org,Leonardo Rizzi,hitchcock.freenode.net
Il_Fumagalli,104.167.99.76,Giancarlo Fumagalli,card.freenode.net
AndreaDipre`,u.nix.is,Andrea Diprè,hitchcock.freenode.net
brethil,unaffiliated/brethil,brethil,weber.freenode.net
consoleOnorario,gateway/web/freenode/ip.151.33.233.158,151.33.233.158 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
ovomaltino,95.90.185.154,ovomaltino,hitchcock.freenode.net
fnurglewitz,host55-147-dynamic.9-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
simoneb,168.ip-92-222-28.eu,simone,barjavel.freenode.net
ddp`,2001:b07:2ed:4d35::1,Danilo De Pandis,leguin.freenode.net
delcaran,45.62.226.72,Delcaran,wolfe.freenode.net
heroux,gateway/shell/insomnia247/x-zxtictulaeupvvxk,heroux,wilhelm.freenode.net
Necra,93-34-125-126.ip49.fastwebnet.it,Noki,hitchcock.freenode.net
izalove,unaffiliated/izabera,izabera,wilhelm.freenode.net
bibibi,unaffiliated/bibibi,bibibi,orwell.freenode.net
sheng,not.hs.vc,sbd,niven.freenode.net
karstensrage,unaffiliated/karstensrage,Karsten S. Rage,karatkievich.freenode.net
leonardo,static.222.226.46.78.clients.your-server.de,leonardo,kornbluth.freenode.net
j3nkins,unaffiliated/j3nkins,jenkins,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ninetta,unaffiliated/oizys,ZNC,card.freenode.net
Geronimo,unaffiliated/geronimo,Geronimo,weber.freenode.net
chap,unaffiliated/chap,chap,asimov.freenode.net
AncoraInput,vmi87587.contabo.host,AncoraInput,roddenberry.freenode.net
gdrc,ec2-54-186-230-255.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mypapit,power.betul.mypapit.net,Mohammad Hafiz Ismail mypapit,asimov.freenode.net
papitfx,power.betul.mypapit.net,http://blog.mypapit.net/,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
gopal,114.79.29.240,gopalindo,barjavel.freenode.net
UNIm95,p2003004DEC108501023018FFFEC3FDB9.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,purple,wilhelm.freenode.net
[Green],unaffiliated/greene,Green,tepper.freenode.net
snql,snql.by,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
tagezi,unaffiliated/tagezi,Lera,weber.freenode.net
LeNsTR,unaffiliated/lenstr,lenstr,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Lex_NewtoN,5.44.169.197,user838928,wolfe.freenode.net
Avenzoar,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-hhlmhngiflvleark,Avenzoar,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
skai|offline,unaffiliated/skai,skai,wolfe.freenode.net
artus,unaffiliated/artus,znc,hitchcock.freenode.net
andrex,unaffiliated/andrex,andrex,barjavel.freenode.net
gry,fsf/member/svetlana,Svetlana Tkachenko,card.freenode.net
blocked,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sluxmfwjdmuwvuvg,blocked,adams.freenode.net
Chank,unaffiliated/chankster,Chankster,adams.freenode.net
smiba,woof.tech,Not Smiba,asimov.freenode.net
FireFlower,212.116.42.12,Markku Hyttinen,wolfe.freenode.net
Afteraffekt,unaffiliated/afteraffekt,Travis,weber.freenode.net
AquaFox`,cpe-173-90-239-34.neo.res.rr.com,Patagonian Grey Fox,wilhelm.freenode.net
lillith_xue,x4d04fe85.dyn.telefonica.de,lillith,wilhelm.freenode.net
Alynna,2601:282:c01:9d19::1,Alynna O'onthrera Trypnotk,wilhelm.freenode.net
Wolfspirit,2001:4ba0:fff1:152::,Wolfspirit,wilhelm.freenode.net
nate,pdpc/supporter/monthlybronze/synapt,Nathan,sinisalo.freenode.net
Nogardrevlis,server1.dasprids.de,Nogardrevlis,weber.freenode.net
Babyboy,server.textchat.be,Alexandrea Fride,barjavel.freenode.net
Chrisy,castaway.flirble.org,Chris Luke,wolfe.freenode.net
tykeal,scratch1.linux-foundation.org,Andrew Grimberg,niven.freenode.net
lori,unaffiliated/lori,Lori Jakab (@ljakab),niven.freenode.net
guillaumeg,host.76.145.23.62.rev.coltfrance.com,guillaumeg,hitchcock.freenode.net
amaged__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mulkgypprvvqwjks,Ahmed Maged,karatkievich.freenode.net
dwallacelf,c-67-189-169-40.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,Dave Wallace,tepper.freenode.net
zxiiro-away,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ktidejggukyusnbl,Thanh Ha,wilhelm.freenode.net
afranc,2001:558:fc11:1:f816:3eff:fe19:5bd,Luke,adams.freenode.net
ppfister,darou.fr,Pierre P.,wilhelm.freenode.net
tfherbert,pool-173-53-56-160.rcmdva.fios.verizon.net,purple,wilhelm.freenode.net
fpan_,104-59-236-25.lightspeed.rlghnc.sbcglobal.net,realname,weber.freenode.net
edwarnicke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nmzebkuesoahkjor,Ed Warnicke,rajaniemi.freenode.net
abelur,scratch1.linux-foundation.org,Anil Belur,rajaniemi.freenode.net
blkperl,destiny.cat.pdx.edu,William Van Hevelingen,card.freenode.net
Mixologic,97-120-245-65.ptld.qwest.net,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
nickc2,107.170.252.81,nickc,niven.freenode.net
the-wes,ryoko.the-wes.com,wes,wolfe.freenode.net
ropes,107.170.244.234,JoshR,weber.freenode.net
finchd,aron.dfin.ch,Donovan Finch <finchd@dfin.ch>,asimov.freenode.net
romain,136.243.171.154,Romain Bignon,hitchcock.freenode.net
rudi_s,ruderich.eu,Simon Ruderich,adams.freenode.net
dx,unaffiliated/dxdx,dx,niven.freenode.net
fosco,freenode/sponsor/pdpc.28for7.fosco,Nicolas Trecourt,hitchcock.freenode.net
Ticho_,unaffiliated/ticho,There are three flowers in a vase. The third flowe,wolfe.freenode.net
Duck,thorfinn.duckcorp.org,Duck,karatkievich.freenode.net
Johann,6-8.fr,Nothing there,orwell.freenode.net
boobot,symlink.me,boobot,niven.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
Hellosun,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rwrbrrxsikjpntcx,Hellosun Wu,wilhelm.freenode.net
gaod_,h61-195-99-254.vps.ablenet.jp,gaod,asimov.freenode.net
n5mPoor,122-116-61-243.HINET-IP.hinet.net,NeedGem Liou,sinisalo.freenode.net
BlueT_,ubuntu/member/BlueT,BlueT - Matthew Lien,weber.freenode.net
adaam,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pkkdaebtlswwsfch,adaam,wilhelm.freenode.net
KylinWu,61-221-86-11.HINET-IP.hinet.net,kylin,barjavel.freenode.net
czchen,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ctdfnxvjtjpabvxx,ChangZhuo Chen,niven.freenode.net
Hellosun_,140.138.144.150,Hahaha,wilhelm.freenode.net
shuduo,33.93.189.91.lcy-02.canonistack.canonical.com,shuduo,verne.freenode.net
gswest,bluecross.tw,gswest,hitchcock.freenode.net
rich1iu,114-35-99-117.HINET-IP.hinet.net,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
felixonmars,archlinux/developer/felixonmars,Felix Yan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cibs,118-163-170-73.HINET-IP.hinet.net,cibs,roddenberry.freenode.net
freeflying,128.199.215.209,Zhengpeng Hou,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
lancetw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qxzlcqitfeigbdsb,Hsin-lin Cheng,wolfe.freenode.net
clode________,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hlxkkvcljpvsieau,clode,adams.freenode.net
KCinJP,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uhcelrzlcrioylun,KenC,wolfe.freenode.net
james58899,unaffiliated/james58899,james58899,adams.freenode.net
StanleyHsiao_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nlzxyyyctxpruldy,Chen Han Hsiao 蕭辰翰,sinisalo.freenode.net
AndrewLee,210.240.39.201,Andrew Lee,weber.freenode.net
gasolwu,114-35-169-22.HINET-IP.hinet.net,gasol_tw,rajaniemi.freenode.net
FJKong,ubuntu/member/FJKong,FJKong,niven.freenode.net
s8321414,1-174-123-90.dynamic.hinet.net,Jeff Huang,rajaniemi.freenode.net
wcpan,wcpan.me,wcpan,tepper.freenode.net
YChao__,123-194-200-7.dynamic.kbronet.com.tw,Yuan Chao,card.freenode.net
isacloud,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bsyhpgdeqwtyabrk,Isac Lee,niven.freenode.net
foka,198-48-139-3.cpe.pppoe.ca,Anthony Fok,barjavel.freenode.net
chihchun_afk,218-161-0-222.HINET-IP.hinet.net,Rex Tsai,sinisalo.freenode.net
woodrows1en,175.41.48.77,woodrowshen,barjavel.freenode.net
woodrowshen,175.41.48.77,woodrowshen,card.freenode.net
FourDollars,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rlozbjuaorgibpqr,Shih-Yuan Lee,wilhelm.freenode.net
darrenwu,206.35.213.162.lcy-02.canonistack.canonical.com,DarrenWu,rajaniemi.freenode.net
exc3pt1on,124.221-157-192.rdns.scalabledns.com,exc3pt1on,tepper.freenode.net
NewCliCker,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hzwmiipktjvhojmo,NewClicker,leguin.freenode.net
a0000778,220-134-193-68.HINET-IP.hinet.net,a0000778,tepper.freenode.net
MLChen,2604:a880:1:20::251:1,Meng-Lien Chen,karatkievich.freenode.net
nyli,gateway/web/mozilla/x-rwcbdyznwfinzici,Linear Li,wolfe.freenode.net
AceLan,1.34.161.214,Chia-Lin Kao,weber.freenode.net
needgem,bsd1.csie.ntu.edu.tw,NeedGem Liou,weber.freenode.net
ubuntulog,ubuntu/bot/ubuntulog,log bot:: contact rt@ubuntu.com,adams.freenode.net
sinxccc,unaffiliated/sinxccc,sinxccc,card.freenode.net
tai271828,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nlkrogekkhxqdanb,tai271828,wolfe.freenode.net
mrmoneyc,198.199.98.216,Jeremy Chang,niven.freenode.net
pcchou,srv.pcchou.me,pcchou,verne.freenode.net
BestSteve2,125-227-147-112.HINET-IP.hinet.net,BestSteve,tepper.freenode.net
Spirit532,mm-0-162-213-37.grodno.dynamic.pppoe.byfly.by,lolno,leguin.freenode.net
varesa,ec2-52-49-18-111.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Esa Varemo,wolfe.freenode.net
Laserbeak,2601:14d:4300:3acc:287e:ecc5:34aa:d80a,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Alcest,69.64.40.177,Ecailles de lune,leguin.freenode.net
Thorn,unaffiliated/thorn,realname,tepper.freenode.net
nonlinear,unaffiliated/discrttm,Matthew Wishek,hitchcock.freenode.net
dingbat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gwfrxnigsntmwxcj,dingbat,karatkievich.freenode.net
SLiX,195-154-178-165.rev.poneytelecom.eu,SLiX,asimov.freenode.net
specing,unaffiliated/specing,Agent Smith,niven.freenode.net
ormiret,bodaegl.ormiret.com,Robert McWilliam,tepper.freenode.net
cfelton,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iysotzxsmwymjhrd,Christopher Felton,leguin.freenode.net
MatthiasM,unaffiliated/matthiasm,http://twl.l33tlabs.org/,wolfe.freenode.net
oldtopman,unaffiliated/oldtopman,iAnn,hitchcock.freenode.net
Flea86,c114-76-82-70.thoms3.vic.optusnet.com.au,The Chat cool people use,card.freenode.net
SpinTronix,HSI-KBW-078-042-192-243.hsi3.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de,None,barjavel.freenode.net
p__p,188.166.19.19,.,weber.freenode.net
ym,bitdiddle.net,y,barjavel.freenode.net
alan5,167.88.36.226,Alan,card.freenode.net
Unnr,162.243.84.91,unnr,weber.freenode.net
nats`,2001:4b98:dc0:41:216:3eff:fe8f:4e6f,nats,wilhelm.freenode.net
jn__,ip-176-198-213-92.hsi05.unitymediagroup.de,Nope.,karatkievich.freenode.net
dn`,b2b-94-79-140-107.unitymedia.biz,dn,card.freenode.net
b0g,unaffiliated/b0g,hello,asimov.freenode.net
holodnak,nesemu2.com,Prokhor Zakharov,asimov.freenode.net
Marex,195.140.253.167,Marex,hitchcock.freenode.net
LoveMHz,107.170.2.139,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
iosys,unaffiliated/iosys,RAX,wolfe.freenode.net
corecode,0x2c.org,Simon Schubert <2@0x2c.org>,adams.freenode.net
marex-cloud,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gfcbtykpoetzuhgg,marex,wilhelm.freenode.net
englishman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rigxohadezfmczhd,englishman,adams.freenode.net
verm1n,209-6-236-59.c3-0.wrx-ubr1.sbo-wrx.ma.cable.rcn.com,Krossaf4ik,wolfe.freenode.net
Xark,unaffiliated/xark,Dude,leguin.freenode.net
DarkUranium,77.38.70.76,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
blunaxela,c-67-162-147-93.hsd1.co.comcast.net,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
stor,unaffiliated/stor,stor,asimov.freenode.net
DJZOOi,80.115.80.136,DJ ZOOi,orwell.freenode.net
bparker,w.0bl.net,Unknown,niven.freenode.net
pticochon,unaffiliated/pticochon,john,tepper.freenode.net
fbs,fsf/member/fbs,buttercup,niven.freenode.net
ChickeNES,162.243.44.61,Bryce Lanham,karatkievich.freenode.net
quigonjinn,dsl-aavbjc.dyn.edudsl.gr,quigonjinn,adams.freenode.net
ph88^,095-097-065-054.static.chello.nl,realname,verne.freenode.net
katesmith,unaffiliated/katesmith,realname,tepper.freenode.net
Brighty,gayest.horse,Brighty,adams.freenode.net
Griwes,znc.reaver-project.org,Michał Dominiak,karatkievich.freenode.net
glYoda,c-71-236-230-251.hsd1.or.comcast.net,MTLYoda,leguin.freenode.net
vertreko,172-4-34-97.lightspeed.sndgca.sbcglobal.net,vertreko,sinisalo.freenode.net
bglod,168.235.69.71,nopenopenope,rajaniemi.freenode.net
indy,shadow.kastnerove.cz,jkjr,card.freenode.net
jv,pilsedu.cz,God is just anthropomorphized Universe,weber.freenode.net
defparam_,reconfig.io,Evil Flops,asimov.freenode.net
christiaanb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yzeokhpbfsguudio,Christiaan Baaij,adams.freenode.net
hackkitten,HSI-KBW-149-172-240-159.hsi13.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de,realname,tepper.freenode.net
Deacyde,unaffiliated/deacyde,Notsure,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kitlith,theobromine.kitl.pw,Kitlith,card.freenode.net
ReadError,ec2-50-19-189-163.compute-1.amazonaws.com,ReadError,adams.freenode.net
camerin,elite.bshellz.net,camerin,hitchcock.freenode.net
proteusguy,node-h4.pool-101-108.dynamic.totbb.net,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
yosafbridge,68.ip-149-56-14.net,yosafbridge,orwell.freenode.net
jlf,pdpc/supporter/active/jlf,unknown,card.freenode.net
Alexer,alexer.net,Aleksi Torhamo,niven.freenode.net
pie_,unaffiliated/pie-/x-0787662,realname,card.freenode.net
tecepe,c-98-212-151-118.hsd1.il.comcast.net,New Now Know How,leguin.freenode.net
lain,172.16.254.xxx,lain,hitchcock.freenode.net
rtur,5.135.100.156,rtur,wolfe.freenode.net
fus_,dev.rozestwinski.com,Rafal,niven.freenode.net
Amadiro,dalvik.ping.uio.no,Amadiro Fafarello,barjavel.freenode.net
benk,wave.servclub.de,Benjamin Krill,rajaniemi.freenode.net
teralaser,unaffiliated/teralaser,tera,tepper.freenode.net
woky,37.157.192.89,woky,sinisalo.freenode.net
lexano,CPEa021b7ac59c9-CMf0f249028110.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,Alex Luccisano,wilhelm.freenode.net
cobalt-red,paras-11.dynamic.rpi.edu,thepenguin,niven.freenode.net
jjohn,gateway/web/freenode/ip.85.179.146.51,x55b39233.dyn.telefonica.de/85.179.146.51,herbert.freenode.net
LeelooMinai,184-175-46-197.dsl.teksavvy.com,Leeloo Minai,adams.freenode.net
forrestv,unaffiliated/forrestv,Forrest Voight,niven.freenode.net
rajkosto,cable-178-149-126-85.dynamic.sbb.rs,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
unclouded,2001:4428:200:80fc:ddae:70a9:e596:4b6a,unclouded,wilhelm.freenode.net
ring0,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-ppptvybwrfipluog,ring0,wilhelm.freenode.net
cblam,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cedollmciqquzkle,cblam,adams.freenode.net
flaviusb,2406:e001:1:4d01:c7bb:c3f4:53ed:59cc,Justin,wilhelm.freenode.net
jadew,unaffiliated/jadew,wait what,barjavel.freenode.net
rpcope,162.245.217.4,Robert Cope,barjavel.freenode.net
leptonix,54.247.99.80,leptonix,rajaniemi.freenode.net
__rob,5.80.66.87,rob,sinisalo.freenode.net
jpa-,hilla.kapsi.fi,Petteri Aimonen,barjavel.freenode.net
hexafraction,unaffiliated/hexafraction,hexafraction,wilhelm.freenode.net
stux|work,37.48.121.205,stux,wilhelm.freenode.net
lilalinux,80.69.39.131,Max Mustermann,asimov.freenode.net
mrec_,sundtek.de,Markus Rechberger,orwell.freenode.net
pepijndevos,81.4.122.239,Pepijn de Vos,adams.freenode.net
edubai__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xzzjjrgzbzktbljr,edubai,rajaniemi.freenode.net
SiC,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-udowgtasrzhyutzo,Simon Chambers,adams.freenode.net
schribl,schribl.com,thomas,orwell.freenode.net
grandy____,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ngqknvwltrurdrgd,Matt,adams.freenode.net
mumptai,x4e32e3f6.dyn.telefonica.de,Calle,card.freenode.net
hunterk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qzzxidqnqehzdmdc,Hunter Kaller,rajaniemi.freenode.net
maciozo,193-183-116-140.azirevpn.net,maciozo,weber.freenode.net
zgreg,nest-1.gnumpf.tk,greg,wolfe.freenode.net
scrts,unaffiliated/scrts,Tomas,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gardintr1pp,215.92-220-78.customer.lyse.net,oddbjorn,weber.freenode.net
vifino,tty.sh,vifino,barjavel.freenode.net
Aleks,unaffiliated/aleks,Aleks,niven.freenode.net
Buzzer,unaffiliated/buzzer,Tim,kornbluth.freenode.net
blight,reactos/developer/blight,greg,hitchcock.freenode.net
bpadalino,cpe-98-10-205-56.rochester.res.rr.com,Brian Padalino,karatkievich.freenode.net
felix_,sigsegv.notmysegfault.de,Felix Held,card.freenode.net
ZipCPU|Laptop,pool-72-73-43-58.clppva.east.verizon.net,realname,niven.freenode.net
ski7777,2002:5f58:c602:0:211:32ff:fe04:f103,Raphael Jacob,rajaniemi.freenode.net
SauceMan,198-27-223-201.static.sonic.net,Sauce,verne.freenode.net
Masca,li455-247.members.linode.com,Jorge Villasenor,adams.freenode.net
promach,2404:e800:e62c:27c:ab28:8e46:9228:c3cc,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
whatshisname,pool-173-75-16-99.pitbpa.fios.verizon.net,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
kier,cpc72373-sotn14-2-0-cust787.15-1.cable.virginm.net,Kier,wilhelm.freenode.net
voxadam,fedora/voxadam,adam,niven.freenode.net
Neuron1k,156.ip-164-132-42.eu,neuron1k,asimov.freenode.net
Magnifikus,v22016052270234672.happysrv.de,magni,card.freenode.net
taxus13,lostbit.de,taxus13,adams.freenode.net
brizzo,scud.ironsky.ca,brizzo,asimov.freenode.net
kline,freenode/staff/enucs.kline,Gareth,weber.freenode.net
Buizel,unaffiliated/buizel,Fuzzy buizel :3,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Claude,h1682708.stratoserver.net,shroudBNC User,card.freenode.net
kevtris,c-69-245-181-192.hsd1.in.comcast.net,No Email,asimov.freenode.net
riddle,us.yunix.net,decadance,karatkievich.freenode.net
sgstair,50.46.100.228,Stephen Stair,hitchcock.freenode.net
boxfire,unaffiliated/boxfire,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
gluytium,45.63.76.107,is a fictional supervillain,card.freenode.net
Dylan343,162-192-72-183.lightspeed.cntmoh.sbcglobal.net,Dylan Petonke,barjavel.freenode.net
bluesceada,unaffiliated/bluesceada,Dennis Gnad,adams.freenode.net
R2COM,c-24-218-69-232.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,R2COM,hitchcock.freenode.net
grandy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ifbcbqkjtvifbqgf,Grandis McFaddon Lovejoy,wilhelm.freenode.net
SoylentYellow,c-73-45-179-74.hsd1.il.comcast.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
Steffanx,unaffiliated/steffanx,steffanx,rajaniemi.freenode.net
buZz,space.nurdspace.nl,buZz,karatkievich.freenode.net
rokka,109.204.235.59,rokka,rajaniemi.freenode.net
simoneb,168.ip-92-222-28.eu,simone,barjavel.freenode.net
AndreasGB,2a02:8071:24c4:6800:c1:8ff:fe43:6f,Andreas,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jezek2,destiny.advel.cz,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
pinchy,cpe-66-25-32-230.tx.res.rr.com,Lord Interface,wolfe.freenode.net
cyrozap,2604:180:2:69f::45de,cyrozap,wilhelm.freenode.net
TheSchaf,sheepsworld.com,Schaf,verne.freenode.net
james0x0A,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wdfclbwzjdiyuwzu,James Neal,wolfe.freenode.net
Fleck,unaffiliated/fleck,So Real Name,kornbluth.freenode.net
siruf,unaffiliated/motley,siruf,verne.freenode.net
julzmb,ec2-52-24-128-42.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Ubuntu,adams.freenode.net
diginet,107.170.146.29,John Titor,orwell.freenode.net
wilr,douglas.conostix.com,honey_nickserv,karatkievich.freenode.net
aandrew,gromit.mixdown.ca,yes my real name is andrew,wilhelm.freenode.net
Douhet,unaffiliated/douhet,Douhet,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bpye,unaffiliated/bpye,Ben,adams.freenode.net
malkauns,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wvbxbsjrweghbllr,malkauns,sinisalo.freenode.net
Vulpes,unaffiliated/vulpes,unknown,leguin.freenode.net
cris,helios.ncct.uottawa.ca,c,barjavel.freenode.net
fahren,diabel.pl,Maciej Freudenheim,adams.freenode.net
gruetzkopf,captured-elf.dont-follow-me.eu,gruetzkopf,kornbluth.freenode.net
gaqwas,unaffiliated/gaqwas,unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
SpaceCoaster,c-75-69-135-239.hsd1.nh.comcast.net,Derek Mulcahy,wilhelm.freenode.net
invzim,kne.kirurg.org,invzim,wolfe.freenode.net
cameronfr,2604:a880:1:20::1e5:900f,Cameron,karatkievich.freenode.net
finnrobi_,188.166.35.17,Robin Kåveland Hansen,asimov.freenode.net
stephe,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lvhivtasncfvibpk,Uff da!,verne.freenode.net
ccl-logbot,setf.clozure.com,ccl-logbot,weber.freenode.net
abbe,badti.me,abbe,leguin.freenode.net
gko,2400:8900::f03c:91ff:fe70:e605,gko,leguin.freenode.net
karswell,188.67.198.146.dyn.plus.net,karswell,asimov.freenode.net
Menche,gateway/tor-sasl/menche,Menche the Turtle,zelazny.freenode.net
deank,unaffiliated/deank,...,orwell.freenode.net
samth,racket/samth,Sam Tobin-Hochstadt,karatkievich.freenode.net
emma,unaffiliated/emma,em,barjavel.freenode.net
makufiru,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-asdsbcpjmeormynl,makufiru,wolfe.freenode.net
leppie,169-0-120-16.ip.afrihost.co.za,leppie,weber.freenode.net
sake,130.255.78.161,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
m1dnight_,77.109.112.234,Christophe De Troyer,leguin.freenode.net
C-Keen,k4cg/C-Keen,ckeen,verne.freenode.net
Neet_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kirxongbujjrgvvk,Neet,weber.freenode.net
kbtr,zncb.io,kbtr,wilhelm.freenode.net
weinholt,iustitia.weinholt.se,weinholt,card.freenode.net
z0d,unaffiliated/z0d,http://Y99k.com/,weber.freenode.net
clog,bespin.org,CLOG (Channel LOGger) http://tunes.org/~nef/logs/,hitchcock.freenode.net
jrdnull,droplet.mockra.net,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
JackMc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qcgbvzlypuwxwhvq,Jack McCracken,wilhelm.freenode.net
mikeyhc,atmosia.net,mikeyhc,weber.freenode.net
m1dnight1,83.ip-164-132-199.eu,Christophe De Troyer,barjavel.freenode.net
stamourv,racket/stamourv,Vincent St-Amour,adams.freenode.net
defanor,cupcake.uberspace.net,defanor,sinisalo.freenode.net
r0kc4t,felderundfiguren.de,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
larsen,163.172.128.32,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
aap,ks388289.kimsufi.com,aap,orwell.freenode.net
gwatt,gmw.xen.prgmr.com,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
sosho,unaffiliated/renopt,sosho,hitchcock.freenode.net
elflng,bzq-82-81-210-162.cablep.bezeqint.net,Live session user,karatkievich.freenode.net
keemyb,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-pfisrspkrjqbeojk,Gordon Freeman,wolfe.freenode.net
stepnem,185.112.167.114,Štěpán Němec,card.freenode.net
arbv,unaffiliated/arbv,Artem,karatkievich.freenode.net
mjl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zbbfafankwoycuaz,mjl,hitchcock.freenode.net
jefrite,45.63.76.107,jef rite,rajaniemi.freenode.net
badkins,cpe-2606-A000-111B-6B-B46B-3809-C945-A2EF.dyn6.twc.com,Brian Adkins,karatkievich.freenode.net
fiddlerwoaroof,unaffiliated/fiddlerwoaroof,Anonymous,verne.freenode.net
M_D_K,voidi.ca,Gavin,tepper.freenode.net
_0x5eb_,seb-hpws2.w1.tele.crt1.net,Seb,karatkievich.freenode.net
bairyn,unaffiliated/bob0,Byron Johnson,orwell.freenode.net
Hijiri,104.236.61.10,Hijiri,karatkievich.freenode.net
copec,schrodbox.unaen.org,copec,asimov.freenode.net
stux|work,37.48.121.205,stux,wilhelm.freenode.net
jcloud,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ujkkoelgnxwahthc,Jonathan Chan,sinisalo.freenode.net
brendyn,li568-31.members.linode.com,無名者,wolfe.freenode.net
MapMan,unaffiliated/mapman,lolfag,rajaniemi.freenode.net
metaf5,31.220.42.38,none,hitchcock.freenode.net
dsp_,technoanimal.net,dsp,orwell.freenode.net
Jameser,60.24.146.210,Textual User,verne.freenode.net
cojy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vwffknvshiymnbdx,tca,karatkievich.freenode.net
lalex,v22016013309031351.megasrv.de,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
cmatei,82-210-165-197.home.aster.pl,Matei Conovici,asimov.freenode.net
eli,racket/eli,Eli Barzilay,orwell.freenode.net
DeeEff,thatgeoguy.ca,DeeEff,orwell.freenode.net
sz0,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uioggvqiwzvmumcv,Sonmez Kartal,adams.freenode.net
kori,unaffiliated/kori,kori,adams.freenode.net
snow_bckspc,ganon.dot-server.net,snow_bckspc,wilhelm.freenode.net
eska,gateway/shell/uberspace.de/x-lnxvhgexneubyjfj,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
niklasl,c83-249-72-11.bredband.comhem.se,niklasl,wolfe.freenode.net
Wojciech_K,student.agh.edu.pl,Wojciech Karpiel,barjavel.freenode.net
kwmiebach__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ctegzgolqtindoyv,Kurt Miebach,wilhelm.freenode.net
ArneBab_,55d46f67.access.ecotel.net,Quassel IRC User,barjavel.freenode.net
Kkiro,unaffiliated/kkiro,Duknam Yoo,weber.freenode.net
pchrist,gentoo/developer/pchrist,Panagiotis Christopoulos,niven.freenode.net
dTal,host217-37-98-253.in-addr.btopenworld.com,User Dtal,karatkievich.freenode.net
hive-mind,67.53.153.59,hivemind,karatkievich.freenode.net
jonaslund,92-244-17-198.customers.ownit.se,New Now Know How,sinisalo.freenode.net
mach,162.248.141.245,mach,weber.freenode.net
ft,shell.chaostreff-dortmund.de,Frank Terbeck,asimov.freenode.net
cromachina,71-47-20-51.res.bhn.net,cro,verne.freenode.net
tristero,unaffiliated/transfinite,al.f.zero,barjavel.freenode.net
XTL,kapsi.fi,Harri Haataja,rajaniemi.freenode.net
taij33n,volans.uberspace.de,taij33n,wilhelm.freenode.net
rmrfchik,linuxhacker.ru,Paul,niven.freenode.net
DerGuteMoritz,asimov.bevuta.com,DerGuteMoritz,card.freenode.net
drot,unaffiliated/drot,drot,verne.freenode.net
profan,odin.prfn.se,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
DKordic,93-86-133-72.dynamic.isp.telekom.rs,Danilo Kordic,verne.freenode.net
askatasuna,46.101.129.18,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
tokik,122x212x176x138.ap122.ftth.ucom.ne.jp,tokik,asimov.freenode.net
snits,nat/redhat/x-kvgjpoevzafjnpzu,Jerry Snitselaar,wolfe.freenode.net
xian,vsrv10616.customer.vlinux.de,Christian,asimov.freenode.net
rotty,yade.chaostreff.at,rotty,leguin.freenode.net
asumu,racket/asumu,asumu,rajaniemi.freenode.net
owickstrom,ec2-52-17-47-197.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Oskar Wickström,barjavel.freenode.net
jackdaniel,hellsgate.pl,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
akkad,166.84.6.60,akkad,orwell.freenode.net
vikraman,gentoo/developer/vikraman,Vikraman,rajaniemi.freenode.net
npr,198.46.224.244,none,asimov.freenode.net
aking,ec2-52-71-238-145.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
reverse_light,ntszok079247.szok.nt.adsl.ppp.infoweb.ne.jp,reverse_light,niven.freenode.net
yoosi,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/yoosi,yoosi,adams.freenode.net
jyc,2600:3c00:e000:a5::,Jonathan Y. Chan,karatkievich.freenode.net
shymega,2001:ba8:1f1:f082:216:5eff:fe00:45a,shymega,rajaniemi.freenode.net
DGASAU,lmpc.drb.insel.de,unknown,tepper.freenode.net
sethalves,50-0-190-87.dsl.dynamic.fusionbroadband.com,purple,asimov.freenode.net
Kryo,forbidden.place,Kryo,kornbluth.freenode.net
ecraven,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe93:15bb,nex,niven.freenode.net
jim,about/linux/staff/jim,jim,wolfe.freenode.net
ski,remote11.chalmers.se,Stefan Ljungstrand,weber.freenode.net
eagleflo,163.172.137.34,Aku Kotkavuo,asimov.freenode.net
joast,cpe-98-146-188-96.natnow.res.rr.com,purple,verne.freenode.net
emmanueloga,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-crxcsiftxlrlucgw,Emmanuel Oga,adams.freenode.net
ym,bitdiddle.net,y,barjavel.freenode.net
jrslepak,kungfu.ccs.neu.edu,Justin R. Slepak,adams.freenode.net
cibs,118-163-170-73.HINET-IP.hinet.net,cibs,roddenberry.freenode.net
MorTal1ty,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rwvwwqbrvayxqnlu,MorTal1ty,wilhelm.freenode.net
turtleman,pool-173-70-124-176.nwrknj.fios.verizon.net,turtleman,verne.freenode.net
SirDayBat,gateway/shell/tkk.fi/x-wergwcsdfdkkgbxv,Nuutti Hölttä,adams.freenode.net
carc,unaffiliated/carc,carc,karatkievich.freenode.net
bboston7,199.58.81.144,bboston7,verne.freenode.net
leot,netbsd/developer/leot,Leonardo Taccari,barjavel.freenode.net
amoe,visarend.solasistim.net,David Banks,card.freenode.net
leo_song,2400:6180:0:d0::1506:2001,herbal_tea,wilhelm.freenode.net
bjz,14-201-215-168.tpgi.com.au,Brendan Zabarauskas,weber.freenode.net
greghendershott,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pgueccgiwtskcjoz,Greg Hendershott,karatkievich.freenode.net
gf3,104.131.182.162,Gianni Chiappetta,rajaniemi.freenode.net
fadein,c-24-10-167-68.hsd1.ut.comcast.net,Erik Falor,rajaniemi.freenode.net
joneshf-laptop,c-73-220-86-28.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Hardy Jones,niven.freenode.net
rsully,unaffiliated/rsully,rsully,orwell.freenode.net
muelleme,ipservice-092-216-119-024.092.216.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Mike Müller,card.freenode.net
rudybot,ec2-52-8-12-207.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Eric Hanchrow's bot, version e31fb13,asimov.freenode.net
ineiros,kapsi.fi,Ilari Nieminen,card.freenode.net
cantstanya,unaffiliated/cantstanya,chatting,wolfe.freenode.net
Blkt,2a01:4f8:200:2425::adda,Blkt,adams.freenode.net
ozzloy,unaffiliated/ozzloy,ozzloy palindromemordnilap,adams.freenode.net
dpk,xn--ht-1ia18f.nonceword.org,David Preston Kendal,orwell.freenode.net
JoshS,172.56.17.181,joshua,wolfe.freenode.net
yosafbridge,68.ip-149-56-14.net,yosafbridge,orwell.freenode.net
Khisanth,pool-108-46-5-134.nycmny.east.verizon.net,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
tm512,static-50-53-134-76.bvtn.or.frontiernet.net,tm512,karatkievich.freenode.net
eMBee,foresight/developer/pike/programmer,Martin B�hr,niven.freenode.net
ijp,ec2-54-81-241-43.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Ian Price,orwell.freenode.net
ohama,cicolina.org,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
Tenhi,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,Kauan,sinisalo.freenode.net
oleo,unaffiliated/oleo,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
gabot,racket/bot/gabot,Eli's IRC bot,asimov.freenode.net
chazu,45.55.60.76,chazu,verne.freenode.net
wingo,li270-233.members.linode.com,Andy Wingo,karatkievich.freenode.net
ec\,ell.io,ELLIOTTCABLE,tepper.freenode.net
zacts,dragora/developer/zacts,Zak Storer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ggherdov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vbwaayesufqmtyef,Giovanni Gherdovich,rajaniemi.freenode.net
evhan,pdpc/supporter/active/evhan,evhan,niven.freenode.net
sbauman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rlownsnvgwrxntye,Spenser Bauman,adams.freenode.net
GGMethos,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fea8:426e,methos,niven.freenode.net
lloda,213-193-80-99.static.cablecom.ch,unknown,tepper.freenode.net
mrowe,markab.mojain.net,Michael Rowe,tepper.freenode.net
fizzie,unaffiliated/fizzie,Heikki Kallasjoki,adams.freenode.net
CustosL1men,unaffiliated/cust0slim3n,CustosLimen,weber.freenode.net
tessier,kernel-panic/copilotco,Tracy R Reed,barjavel.freenode.net
mumptai,x4e32e3f6.dyn.telefonica.de,Calle,card.freenode.net
ELLIOTTCABLE,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qkatvegbxzvtudpe,Elliott Cable,sinisalo.freenode.net
averell,unaffiliated/averell,Averell,leguin.freenode.net
gnomon,CPE1c872c7063d0-CM00fc8d8fbe70.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,Ben Zanin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dan64,dannyadam.com,dan64,barjavel.freenode.net
jeapostrophe,racket/jeapostrophe,Jay McCarthy,barjavel.freenode.net
vifino,tty.sh,vifino,barjavel.freenode.net
aeth,wesnoth/umc-dev/developer/aethaeryn,Michael,asimov.freenode.net
zaquest,5.128.210.30,realname,weber.freenode.net
mario-goulart,email.parenteses.org,Mario Domenech Goulart,hitchcock.freenode.net
Danieru,haha.hahah.org,Stop eating all that dick!,wilhelm.freenode.net
workp,host-89-240-182-228.as13285.net,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
dsp,signal.netsec.colostate.edu,dsp,wolfe.freenode.net
pierpa,95.238.217.233,unknown,adams.freenode.net
balkamos,unaffiliated/motley,balkamos,sinisalo.freenode.net
retroj,retroj.net,tipjar => 1HobynStMadeJWHAoAZgWCGGAWDqzGKRCi,wilhelm.freenode.net
fgudin,odin.sdf-eu.org,Francis GUDIN,card.freenode.net
davexunit,fsf/emeritus/davexunit,David Thompson,wolfe.freenode.net
LeoNerd,genoa.dictatorshipcake.co.uk,Net::Async::IRC client 0.10,sinisalo.freenode.net
webshinra,2a01:e35:8baf:4740:d54a:6df2:e3d8:1843,Rufus Shadowolf,adams.freenode.net
groovy2shoes,unaffiliated/groovebot,cory,karatkievich.freenode.net
dmiles,c-24-20-102-245.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,...,adams.freenode.net
klutometis,klutometis.wikitex.org,Peter Danenberg,card.freenode.net
foof`,li126-140.members.linode.com,unknown,weber.freenode.net
nckx,tobias.gr,Tobias Geerinckx-Rice,asimov.freenode.net
micmus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zjmecawwgbdmckfe,Michał Muskała,leguin.freenode.net
wasamasa,unaffiliated/wasamasa,wasa,asimov.freenode.net
juanfra,unaffiliated/juanfra,juanfra,karatkievich.freenode.net
NhanH,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nwjszdvrbnqdvtqu,Nhan Ho,wolfe.freenode.net
ryoshu,netbsd/developer/kamil,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
mbrock,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mwkmuwvpnnyvnufv,Mikael Brockman,adams.freenode.net
mlaine,odin.sdf-eu.org,Mikko Laine,orwell.freenode.net
excelsior,1.23.37.216,vijay,orwell.freenode.net
cross,spitfire.i.gajendra.net,Dan Cross,wolfe.freenode.net
stasku_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nmylgnccfohamqvx,B,weber.freenode.net
micro`,a9.lence.net,User Micro,adams.freenode.net
benaiah,104.131.128.41,Benaiah Mischenko,asimov.freenode.net
neuri8,62.109.134.112,nuru,hitchcock.freenode.net
qu1j0t3,kvm5.telegraphics.com.au,FurnaceBoy,orwell.freenode.net
choas,p50894406.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Lars Gregori,adams.freenode.net
ASau,x59cc874a.dyn.telefonica.de,unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
momofarm,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jmdszpxvvaogqkoe,momofarm,leguin.freenode.net
benoit,212.83.144.58,Benoit,rajaniemi.freenode.net
black_imp,gateway/web/freenode/ip.81.194.27.158,81.194.27.158 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
black_imperator,tal21-1-82-225-174-148.fbx.proxad.net,blackimp,hitchcock.freenode.net
Symon,212.83.144.58,Symon,rajaniemi.freenode.net
gnarf,unaffiliated/gnarf,Corey Frang,niven.freenode.net
scott_gonzalez,gateway/shell/jquery.com/x-yinkbbhcvzhrrvtz,Scott González,verne.freenode.net
arschmitz,gateway/shell/jquery.com/x-wxcxkmoeceokezrg,Alexander Schmitz,card.freenode.net
awayrxaviers,gateway/shell/jquery.com/x-cdjucmdglynhhcnz,Rafael Xavier de Souza,karatkievich.freenode.net
jzaefferer,gateway/shell/jquery.com/x-tkgflokslrvzkrvb,Jörn Zaefferer,karatkievich.freenode.net
jqlog,gateway/shell/jquery.com/x-qlkwwyswpiwkeyww,jquery irc logger,verne.freenode.net
metrixx,unaffiliated/metrixx,realname,leguin.freenode.net
Ares|Bot,planeshift/bot/AresBot,3/msg Ares|Bot hello,barjavel.freenode.net
Ares,planeshift/developer/Aresilek,Aresilek Besolez,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
simon_f,soupdragon.hep.ph.ic.ac.uk,simon_f,karatkievich.freenode.net
gmarkall,unaffiliated/gmarkall,Graham Markall,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
sunny256,sunbase.org,Øyvind A. Holm,adams.freenode.net
soloojos,gateway/tor-sasl/soloojos,realname,zelazny.freenode.net
kline,freenode/staff/enucs.kline,Gareth,weber.freenode.net
LearningToBeFree,50.35.74.142,User Irc,rajaniemi.freenode.net
edwardly,unaffiliated/edwardly,Edward,wolfe.freenode.net
zarcade_droid,unaffiliated/arcade-droid/x-4286778,Avamander,wilhelm.freenode.net
fling,fsf/member/fling,fling,card.freenode.net
specing,unaffiliated/specing,Agent Smith,niven.freenode.net
omtain,unaffiliated/patrask,omtain,karatkievich.freenode.net
flappy,a88-113-154-4.elisa-laajakaista.fi,realname,leguin.freenode.net
juri_,192.94.73.193,Julia Longtin,wolfe.freenode.net
leah,unaffiliated/leah,Leah Rowe,karatkievich.freenode.net
galex-713,men75-3-82-224-26-130.fbx.proxad.net,unknown,card.freenode.net
CharlieBrown,2602:306:36de:9cc0:d54c:697b:a9e5:406a,realname,leguin.freenode.net
angular_mike_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-igpiagqfmxlntpdy,angular_mike_,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Guest_207745464,ppp114-13.static.internode.on.net,Guest_207735465,roddenberry.freenode.net
moony22,wikipedia/Moony22,moony22,sinisalo.freenode.net
Niall,5.196.89.50,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Triskel,ircaddict.org,No Name,asimov.freenode.net
OlaHughson,188.226.134.17,ola,asimov.freenode.net
Erynnn,virtualfops.blyat.me,Boltovnya,wolfe.freenode.net
cesnia,190.149.88.120,cesnia,asimov.freenode.net
Anselmo,174-17-84-151.phnx.qwest.net,cjdns,wilhelm.freenode.net
dxld,80-109-145-16.cable.dynamic.surfer.at,dxld,asimov.freenode.net
JacobEdelman,159.203.134.170,Jacob Edelman,verne.freenode.net
amelia_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-txvczwruczizcswm,Amelia,adams.freenode.net
Emulatorman,unaffiliated/emulatorman,purple,verne.freenode.net
fpbot,188.120.157.6,fpbot,wilhelm.freenode.net
kmicu,176.56.237.191,kmicu,wilhelm.freenode.net
vikraman,gentoo/developer/vikraman,Vikraman,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Colgate_,gateway/tor-sasl/colgate,rabbit,zelazny.freenode.net
Dizmo,users.gigo.me,Dizmo,adams.freenode.net
habs,ma.sdf.org,habs,adams.freenode.net
zencognito,2601:600:8a00:df:ceaf:78ff:fec8:aba6,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
orly_owl,unaffiliated/orly-owl/x-3167833,david,asimov.freenode.net
Nycatelos,unaffiliated/illusional,Yidhra Kthanid,wilhelm.freenode.net
