oleapeland,66.115.92.62.static.cust.telenor.com,oleapeland,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jkc|CERT-Bund,lagezentrum.net,jc,niven.freenode.net
jgedeon|h,wsip-174-79-150-194.cl.ri.cox.net,Joe,sinisalo.freenode.net
gernot,unaffiliated/gernot,Gernot,barjavel.freenode.net
tnogisto,188.0.48.5,Quassel IRC User,barjavel.freenode.net
razu,213.184.51.146,zzzz,sinisalo.freenode.net
jonhcw,srv-g6.esp.mediateam.fi,"jon willgren",card.freenode.net
hortonew,98.245.246.201,hortonew,niven.freenode.net
Tahkis_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jqysrqivofuhonel,Teppo Tähkäpää,wilhelm.freenode.net
andersns,knox.darkdeep.net,andersns,hitchcock.freenode.net
middelthun,shell.mindslice.net,Øystein Middelthun,hitchcock.freenode.net
Trenal,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oxcnylxfehryinro,Trenal,niven.freenode.net
Izhidez,wikipedia/DeltaQuad,Izhidez,weber.freenode.net
addshore,wikimedia/addshore,addshore,wolfe.freenode.net
danmichaelo,wikipedia/Danmichaelo,danmichaelo,adams.freenode.net
abian,wikimedia/abian,David Abián,adams.freenode.net
revi,wikimedia/-revi,revi - https://revi.xyz,adams.freenode.net
Lydia_WMDE,wikidata/Lydia-Pintscher-WMDE,Lydia Pintscher,adams.freenode.net
Steinsplitter,wikimedia/Steinsplitter,Steinsplitter,adams.freenode.net
freddy2001,wikipedia/freddy2001,Freddy,wolfe.freenode.net
Sagan,tnb/staff/Luke081515,Luke,wolfe.freenode.net
nyuszika7h,lykos/dev/nyuszika7h,nyuszika7h,verne.freenode.net
AlexZ,wikimedia/Az1568,Alex Z,barjavel.freenode.net
Waggie,wikipedia/Waggie,Waggie,verne.freenode.net
Sir_Designer_,wikipedia/mareklug,Marek Wojciech Ługowski,wilhelm.freenode.net
marktraceur,fsf/member/marktraceur,Mark Holmquist,adams.freenode.net
Zhaofeng_Li,wikipedia/Zhaofeng-Li,Zhaofeng Li,wolfe.freenode.net
Josve05a,wikipedia/Josve05a,Jonatan Svensson Glad,wolfe.freenode.net
Falcorian,wikipedia/Falcorian,purple,leguin.freenode.net
vishwin_,wikimedia/O,C Li,weber.freenode.net
ankry,2001:4070:10:4800:1:beef:15:dead,Ankry,wilhelm.freenode.net
Pokefan95,wikimedia/Pokefan95,Pokefan95,wolfe.freenode.net
Logan,ubuntu/member/logan,Logan Rosen,wolfe.freenode.net
Reedy,wikimedia/pdpc.active.reedy,Reedy,hitchcock.freenode.net
sjoerddebruin,wikimedia/sjoerddebruin,Sjoerd de Bruin,wilhelm.freenode.net
[Tycho],unaffiliated/tycho/x-5664265,[Tycho],verne.freenode.net
badon,pdpc/supporter/active/badon,badon,wolfe.freenode.net
Glaisher,wikimedia/Glaisher,Glaisher,karatkievich.freenode.net
legoktm,wikipedia/Legoktm,legoktm,karatkievich.freenode.net
Fluffernutter,wikipedia/Fluffernutter,Fluffernutter,sinisalo.freenode.net
Nemo_bis,wikimedia/Nemo-bis,Federico,leguin.freenode.net
Debra,wikipedia/MZMcBride,Well open up your mind and see like me.,card.freenode.net
higgins,68.ip-149-56-14.net,higgins,adams.freenode.net
Clarkcj,wikipedia/Clarkcj12,Clarkcj,wolfe.freenode.net
EdSaperia,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vyxqtixzfnhfjtcg,Ed Saperia,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jwheare,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ebjglxzmwixdgcmj,James Wheare,adams.freenode.net
Sigyn,freenode/utility-bot/sigyn,https://github.com/freenode/Sigyn,weber.freenode.net
vishwin,wikimedia/O,C Li,asimov.freenode.net
putnik[telegram],li187-75.members.linode.com,putnik,asimov.freenode.net
APexil,unaffiliated/apexil,me,leguin.freenode.net
yannf,wikipedia/yannf,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
wget,unaffiliated/wget,wget,asimov.freenode.net
matanya,wikimedia/matanya,Matanya,wolfe.freenode.net
eir,freenode/utility-bot/eir,eir version 0.0.1,odin.freenode.net
AzaToth,wikipedia/AzaToth,Carl Fürstenberg,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zhuyifei1999_,wikimedia/zhuyifei1999,My name is hidden, dude,sinisalo.freenode.net
odder,unaffiliated/odder,Tomasz W. Kozlowski,karatkievich.freenode.net
Platonides,wikipedia/Platonides,Wikipedia,barjavel.freenode.net
ToAruShiroiNeko,wikimedia/ToAruShiroiNeko,Electronic Video Agent,rajaniemi.freenode.net
HakanIST,wikidata/HakanIST,HakanIST,adams.freenode.net
Cameron11598,wikipedia/Cameron11598,Cameron11598,verne.freenode.net
Barras2,wikimedia/barras,Paul,wolfe.freenode.net
kiwi_0x010C,wikipedia/-0x010C,0x010C,wilhelm.freenode.net
AsimovBot,wikimedia/-jem-/bot/AsimovBot,de,tepper.freenode.net
ceterum_afk,server04.mikromtech.com,ceterum,sinisalo.freenode.net
musikanimal,wikipedia/MusikAnimal,Leon Ziemba,tepper.freenode.net
Krenair,wikimedia/Krenair,Alex Monk,karatkievich.freenode.net
danskjavlar,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wqoaxrehnmgwgyak,Luo Qing,wolfe.freenode.net
natuur12,wikimedia/natuur12,natuur12,wilhelm.freenode.net
Guest9123,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eumzoydipmnrynve,Keegan,sinisalo.freenode.net
alech_,65.23.158.58,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
L235,wikipedia/fsf.member.Lixxx235,Kevin ([[en:User:L235]]),wilhelm.freenode.net
niko,freenode/staff/ubuntu.member.niko,Nicolas Coevoet,weber.freenode.net
Keegan,wikimedia/Keegan,Keegan.,karatkievich.freenode.net
jefrite,45.63.76.107,jef rite,rajaniemi.freenode.net
HaeB,wikimedia/HaeB,T. Bayer,adams.freenode.net
Sir_Designer,wikipedia/mareklug,Marek Wojciech Ługowski,leguin.freenode.net
OH-,wikimedia/Sn1per,世界はじゃがいもがです,orwell.freenode.net
wm-bot,wikimedia/bot/wm-bot,wm-bot,card.freenode.net
stan,fw0-b24-9.bc.bbc.co.uk,Tristan Hill,hitchcock.freenode.net
Ahonc,wikimedia/Ahonc,Ahonc,adams.freenode.net
Barras,wikimedia/barras,Paul,kornbluth.freenode.net
Isarra,wikimedia/Isarra,A tent full of grasshoppers,barjavel.freenode.net
Jonas_WMDE,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mudichptsfjsasqo,Jonas Kress,hitchcock.freenode.net
SlashLife,botters/slashlife,Simon Stienen,adams.freenode.net
[[Cameron]],wikipedia/Cameron11598,Cameron,wolfe.freenode.net
emerson,freenode/staff/emerson,emerson,wilhelm.freenode.net
pipo,178-83-18-227.dynamic.hispeed.ch,pipo,wilhelm.freenode.net
AntiSpamMeta,AntiSpamMeta/.,http://antispammeta.net,leguin.freenode.net
JD|cloud,wikimedia/Jasper-Deng,Jasper,leguin.freenode.net
mattbuck,host31-50-96-55.range31-50.btcentralplus.com,mattbuck,rajaniemi.freenode.net
SodaAnt,wikipedia/Sodaant,SodaAnt,verne.freenode.net
jem,wikimedia/-jem-,Jose Emilio -jem-,card.freenode.net
tom29739,wikipedia/tom29739,tom29739,niven.freenode.net
Chenzw,wikimedia/Chenzw,Chenzw,sinisalo.freenode.net
Venusaur,wikipedia/Antonio-Lopez,ndsdjs,tepper.freenode.net
Pogga,gateway/web/freenode/ip.81.135.97.219,81.135.97.219 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
CIA,wikimedia/charitwo,charitwo,barjavel.freenode.net
lc2,wat.lewiscollard.com,LET'S GO OUT AND FIND SOME TROUBLE,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
oxyacantha,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gowwaazpqmvxkgqe,Kalliope,leguin.freenode.net
Dereckson,wikimedia/Dereckson,Sébastien Santoro,orwell.freenode.net
Shanmugamp7,wikipedia/Shanmugamp7,Shanmugam,wilhelm.freenode.net
Tom-L,wikimedia-commons/Tom-L,purple,niven.freenode.net
Sir_Lestaty,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Sir Lestaty de Lioncourt,barjavel.freenode.net
Otourly,Wikipedia/Otourly,purple,wilhelm.freenode.net
Vito,unaffiliated/vito,Vito,wilhelm.freenode.net
James_F,wikimedia/JamesF,James D. Forrester,card.freenode.net
stwalkerster,wikimedia/stwalkerster,Simon Walker (fearow.lon.stwalkerster.net),verne.freenode.net
esby,dale.macroblock.org,esby,sinisalo.freenode.net
kaldari,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-alkksintajptcoxd,Ryan Kaldari,adams.freenode.net
itu,wikipedia/itu,itu,wolfe.freenode.net
Sotiale,wikimedia/Sotiale,Sotiale,wilhelm.freenode.net
Techman224,Wikimedia/Techman224,Techman224,niven.freenode.net
Seddon,Wikimedia/Seddon,Joseph Seddon,karatkievich.freenode.net
yurb_afk,wikipedia/Yuriy-Bulka,yurb,adams.freenode.net
Lewis_Hulbert,wikimedia/Lewis-Hulbert,Lewis Hulbert,tepper.freenode.net
snowolf,wikimedia/Snowolf,Snowolf,wolfe.freenode.net
jackmcbarn,wikipedia/jackmcbarn,Jackmcbarn,wolfe.freenode.net
thib,wikimedia/Thibaut120094,Thibaut,weber.freenode.net
Athyria,wikimedia/Isarra,A tent full of grasshoppers,orwell.freenode.net
DatGuy,wikimedia/DatGuy,DatGuy,orwell.freenode.net
Mjbmr,wikimedia/Mjbmr,Mjbmr,wilhelm.freenode.net
FDMS,wikimedia/FDMS4,Stöger Florian D. M. [Adium, macOS],wolfe.freenode.net
WikiPuppies,wikipedia/WikiPuppies,I don't pee on bushes. I pee on vandals.,niven.freenode.net
Matthew_,wikimedia/matthewrbowker,matthewrbowker,sinisalo.freenode.net
nosferatu,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Nosferatu,card.freenode.net
BU_Rob13,wikipedia/BU-Rob13,realname,niven.freenode.net
lestaty,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Sir Lestaty de Lioncourt,adams.freenode.net
basile,wikimedia/guillom,Guillaume Paumier,leguin.freenode.net
FastLizard4,wikipedia/pdpc.active.FastLizard4,Doing what I must, because I can.  For science.  Y,orwell.freenode.net
Jhs,wikimedia/jhs,realname,asimov.freenode.net
GorillaWarfare,wikipedia/GorillaWarfare,Molly White,verne.freenode.net
here_and_there,193.54.153.250,ivaylo,leguin.freenode.net
Garnig,unaffiliated/garnig,Garnig,rajaniemi.freenode.net
danmichaelo_,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe16:75bb,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
NickW557,wikipedia/NickW557,Nick,wilhelm.freenode.net
Helpmebot,wikimedia/bot/helpmebot,Helpmebot (helpmebot@helpmebot.org.uk) - IRC bot,karatkievich.freenode.net
Vyznev,mediawiki/Ilmari-Karonen,Ilmari Karonen,leguin.freenode.net
gry,fsf/member/svetlana,Svetlana Tkachenko,card.freenode.net
k6ka,wikimedia/k6ka,k6ka,barjavel.freenode.net
quiddity,wikipedia/quiddity,quiddity,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Matiia,wikimedia/Matiia,Who knows,adams.freenode.net
kulmalukko,kapsi.fi,kulmalukko,tepper.freenode.net
Esmil,hapy.0x90.dk,Emil,verne.freenode.net
kvm2k,46.101.109.196,Karsten Vejrup Madsen,tepper.freenode.net
Sjap,beastie.nerdheaven.dk,sjap,wilhelm.freenode.net
choko-,explosion.baconporn.dk,Michael,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Kapuh,5.186.56.144,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
Robotto,5.79.74.16,robotto@osaa.dk,wolfe.freenode.net
Staaland_,nyx.duckpond.dk,Kristian K. Christensen,wolfe.freenode.net
mihtjel,mihtjel.dk,Rune B. Broberg,niven.freenode.net
zendk,46.101.109.196,Robin Overgaard,asimov.freenode.net
LarsSorensen_,46.101.109.196,Sørensen",orwell.freenode.net
brix,unaffiliated/brix,Henrik Brix Andersen,wolfe.freenode.net
IzNo,baggesen.net,Mads Baggesen,wolfe.freenode.net
flummer,web11.oemhost.net,Thomas Flummer,barjavel.freenode.net
Frostar,84.238.86.147,Jens Frost,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mikfix,127-0-0-1.dk,mikfix,card.freenode.net
atbrask,89.239.211.105,atbrask,karatkievich.freenode.net
reynir,unaffiliated/reynir,reynir,niven.freenode.net
pedersen,mx.rotand.dk,Jacob Toft Pedersen,weber.freenode.net
Implant_,188.226.234.177,Unknown,niven.freenode.net
Implant,koala.droso.dk,Bjarke Johannesen,card.freenode.net
BlackThorneDK,94.189.57.142,Jacob Vinter Rasmussen,adams.freenode.net
RMA,v3-dc1-e.nathue.dk,whistler,niven.freenode.net
SiGNOUT,91.221.196.214,Dennis Jensen,orwell.freenode.net
HamsterHauge,5.186.54.135,Hauge,orwell.freenode.net
Vladimirr,nerdfarm.dk,Anders Christensen,verne.freenode.net
bwunterstrich,kaylee.tinyhost.de,BlackAndWhiteSnaable,niven.freenode.net
ptx,5.186.53.38,ptx,sinisalo.freenode.net
blddk,unaffiliated/blddk,captain-slow.dk,card.freenode.net
Cybergeek,cgdev.dk,Michael Madsen,orwell.freenode.net
Hcand,ns3099274.ip-188-165-216.eu,Kristian,niven.freenode.net
Georgyo,unaffiliated/georgyo,George Shammas,wolfe.freenode.net
mikjaer,127-0-0-1.dk,mikjaer,card.freenode.net
Funky_Boris,93.165.48.254,Funky_Boris,orwell.freenode.net
damnlie_,2a01:4a0:3::5096:aeb,damnlie,niven.freenode.net
joyceg,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hhnmchssjzlptzdd,geojoy,karatkievich.freenode.net
das-peter,219.88.237.207,das-peter,asimov.freenode.net
GroovyCarrot,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mtecawbsmzjmqrls,Jake Wise,wilhelm.freenode.net
Druplicon,drupal/bot/druplicon,Druplicon :http://drupal.org/project/bot,asimov.freenode.net
mogdesign,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ohxykzgmzwsxemzk,Jozef Toth,card.freenode.net
elijah,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gohrykoczswvdhrj,Elijah Lynn,wolfe.freenode.net
cyberlard,li1177-42.members.linode.com,cyberlard,sinisalo.freenode.net
mlhess,drupal.org/user/102818/view,Michael Hess,tepper.freenode.net
zaphoyd,2001:470:1:41:a800:ff:fe3e:cddb,Peter Thorson,karatkievich.freenode.net
GaborHojtsy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eqywrxhrmfdzipmw,Gábor Hojtsy,adams.freenode.net
Mixologic,97-120-245-65.ptld.qwest.net,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
davereid,drupal.org/user/53892/view,Dave Reid,adams.freenode.net
markcarver,unicorn.fail,Mark Carver,wolfe.freenode.net
YesCT,c-73-12-42-7.hsd1.va.comcast.net,YesCT,karatkievich.freenode.net
suryanto,2400:8901::f03c:91ff:fe96:9f4b,Suryanto Rachmat,karatkievich.freenode.net
jonpugh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jcmwrgykbdazeozi,Jon Pugh,adams.freenode.net
likewhoa,s2.maserver.com,Fernando Reyes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
VeggieMeat,wsip-70-182-94-19.ok.ok.cox.net,Brian Altenhofel,tepper.freenode.net
wizonesolutions,drupal.org/user/739994/view,WizOne Solutions,sinisalo.freenode.net
basic`,drupal.org/association-staff/basic,Rudy Grigar,wolfe.freenode.net
dboeger,108-213-78-29.lightspeed.frokca.sbcglobal.net,New Now Know How,wolfe.freenode.net
ZeiP,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe73:fd27,Jyri-Petteri Paloposki,niven.freenode.net
mengi1,cpe-45-50-21-189.socal.res.rr.com,purple,wolfe.freenode.net
ekes,drupal.org/user/10083/view,ekes,wolfe.freenode.net
b1ackdeath,nat/redhat/x-wnjfmiiavyxxrflj,b1ackdeath,asimov.freenode.net
gryphon,c-76-30-210-166.hsd1.tx.comcast.net,Lynn,weber.freenode.net
fatherfinch,159.203.105.139,fatherfinch,adams.freenode.net
drw,cpe-97-99-44-32.tx.res.rr.com,Dan Williams,orwell.freenode.net
jlindsay,unaffiliated/jlindsay,none,tepper.freenode.net
B0tly,c-50-148-0-158.hsd1.in.comcast.net,Sopel: http://sopel.chat,verne.freenode.net
TrentP,c-24-20-192-103.hsd1.or.comcast.net,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
k5tux,joust.bluecows.com,Russ,weber.freenode.net
ryerke_,2602:301:775e:b3e0:bcf8:e949:7ed7:c7e4,Bert,karatkievich.freenode.net
FiftyOneFifty,159.203.105.139,Donald Grier,orwell.freenode.net
delwin,unaffiliated/delwin,delwin,leguin.freenode.net
frankbell,ip98-183-208-12.hr.hr.cox.net,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
CTtechguy,unaffiliated/cttechguy,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Kwisher,c-50-148-0-158.hsd1.in.comcast.net,Kwisher,wilhelm.freenode.net
cryptk,nasadmin/cryptk,cryptk,wilhelm.freenode.net
fluffypony,unaffiliated/fluffypony,The Real fluffypony,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ka6sox,nasadmin/ka6sox,ka6sox,wilhelm.freenode.net
zenofex,2a03:b0c0:1:d0::6e:7001,zenofex,leguin.freenode.net
LarrySteeze,unaffiliated/larrysteeze,LarrySteeze,wilhelm.freenode.net
Andrej_T,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe73:6bd6,Asdf T.,wilhelm.freenode.net
vnz,unaffiliated/vnz,vnz,asimov.freenode.net
Aleks,unaffiliated/aleks,Aleks,niven.freenode.net
AbouEmre,85.31.86.166,AbouEmre,niven.freenode.net
damjan,unaffiliated/damjan,damjan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
erlbot--,77.93.223.195,An experimental Erlang IRC bot,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
simalexan,46.101.12.144,Aleksandar Simovic,rajaniemi.freenode.net
vladan,znc.ie.mk,Vladan Popovic,niven.freenode.net
Hijiri,104.236.61.10,Hijiri,karatkievich.freenode.net
davisonio,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kgkmlaxyicoaslzv,Craig Davison,sinisalo.freenode.net
lumberJuice,96-37-222-205.dhcp.leds.al.charter.com,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
GX-Server,c231.cloud.wiroos.net,Minetest,weber.freenode.net
pono,osuosl/staff/dspt,pono,wilhelm.freenode.net
ASFBot,apache/bot/asfbot,ASF Multipurpose Bot,verne.freenode.net
Humbedooh,apache/staff/humbedooh,Daniel Gruno,rajaniemi.freenode.net
thumbs,unaffiliated/thumbs,Frank Gingras,orwell.freenode.net
tuxdev_,unaffiliated/tuxdev,tim,weber.freenode.net
tuxdev,unaffiliated/tuxdev,Timothy Goya,card.freenode.net
gynter,kits.ee,Günter,barjavel.freenode.net
smokeyay,GORF.CHAT,goombario,niven.freenode.net
maths22,unaffiliated/maths22,Jacob B,weber.freenode.net
leinad,162.243.67.90,Daniel Butum,asimov.freenode.net
VargaD,188-143-108-97.pool.digikabel.hu,Daniel Varga,orwell.freenode.net
Akien,godotengine/akien,Akien,barjavel.freenode.net
ugjka,ugjka.net,UgisG,card.freenode.net
ced117_,AStrasbourg-552-1-35-58.w90-26.abo.wanadoo.fr,Cedric Heintz,adams.freenode.net
Vorpal,unaffiliated/vorpal,Vorpal,barjavel.freenode.net
leper`,84-72-111-224.dclient.hispeed.ch,Name, Real,verne.freenode.net
nkr,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-qlfpenwvabkbgggm,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,niven.freenode.net
Xjs|moonshine,chrysostomos.aoide.de,Jannis Andrija Schnitzer,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
huftis,14.92-221-170.customer.lyse.net,Karl Ove Hufthammer,karatkievich.freenode.net
branau,li1062-248.members.linode.com,branau,weber.freenode.net
Yaiyan,46.101.48.31,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
snadge,unaffiliated/snadge,Dave,roddenberry.freenode.net
mt,atheme/mteufel,M. Teufel <mteufel@urandom.eu.org>,niven.freenode.net
tomreyn,megaglest/team/tomreyn,Tom Reynolds,sinisalo.freenode.net
MistahDarcy,fsf/member/MistahDarcy,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
Ispy,supertux/bot/commit-notifications,Ispy - SuperTux commit notifications,barjavel.freenode.net
mteufel[m],gateway/shell/matrix.org/x-mthmgdzqpsumokjw,@mteufel:matrix.org,leguin.freenode.net
Arthur_D,supertuxkart/tester/Arthur,Magne Djupvik,tepper.freenode.net
binki,sam.ohnopub.net,Nathan Phillip Brink (binki),weber.freenode.net
ced117,opensuse/member/ced117,Cedric Heintz,wilhelm.freenode.net
datahead7777,2602:30a:2ca6:c160:d544:8d37:9ce4:166d,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
ToBeCloud,wikimedia/ToBeFree,ToBeFree,adams.freenode.net
octo,verplant.org,Florian Forster,hitchcock.freenode.net
Tobbi,supertux/tobbi,Tobias Markus,karatkievich.freenode.net
StardustX,45.32.34.65,realname,verne.freenode.net
erhandsome,unaffiliated/erhandsome,erhandsome,weber.freenode.net
messyidea,2604:a880:1:20::68d:b001,messyidea,niven.freenode.net
miaowbot,2607-8700-0107-fadc-0000-0000-0000-0000.16clouds.com,miaow,leguin.freenode.net
Orizon,45.32.90.94,Orizon Bot,verne.freenode.net
zacklocx,1.180.214.56,zacklocx,barjavel.freenode.net
magine-znc,118.144.67.25,magine,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
hjc4869,103.192.224.22,David Huang,hitchcock.freenode.net
jack77213,unaffiliated/jack77213,jack77213,sinisalo.freenode.net
tonghuix,fedora/tonghuix,Tong Hui,karatkievich.freenode.net
shoaly,unaffiliated/shoaly,root,adams.freenode.net
gauge,unaffiliated/gauge,Unknown,niven.freenode.net
loggbot,li400-120.members.linode.com,logbot,adams.freenode.net
Guest78079,171.83.96.111,misaka!,karatkievich.freenode.net
KireinaHoro,unaffiliated/johnsonsteward,Horo,leguin.freenode.net
T-J-M,unaffiliated/tommyjerrymairo,逐光入暗,rajaniemi.freenode.net
breakwall,unaffiliated/breakwa11,breakwa11,rajaniemi.freenode.net
HoroBot,172.99.77.78,cinch,verne.freenode.net
ToaNii,fsf/member/ToaNii,ToaNii,barjavel.freenode.net
KexyBiscuit,103.192.224.22,Kexy Biscuit,barjavel.freenode.net
Zesty_,unaffiliated/zestybaby,Zesty,asimov.freenode.net
Sasasu,180.212.140.37,li,orwell.freenode.net
uuair_,li857-131.members.linode.com,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
condy,unaffiliated/condy,爱利的好爸爸,tepper.freenode.net
leo_song,2400:6180:0:d0::1506:2001,herbal_tea,wilhelm.freenode.net
F_XZ,107.189.153.239,Zhen Xu,leguin.freenode.net
dantmnf,unaffiliated/dantmnf,dantmnf,niven.freenode.net
sinxccc,unaffiliated/sinxccc,sinxccc,card.freenode.net
miklcct,server.miklcct.csproject.org,Michael Tsang,karatkievich.freenode.net
FiveYellowMice,unaffiliated/fiveyellowmice,FiveYellowMice,adams.freenode.net
seadog007,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gjuoujlrqbxmuyma,seadog007,rajaniemi.freenode.net
farseerfc,archlinux/tu/farseerfc,farseerfc,wilhelm.freenode.net
TonyChyi,47.88.3.199,TonyChyi,orwell.freenode.net
poibot,123.57.247.135,POI Bot,asimov.freenode.net
Senoc,unaffiliated/senoc,BlankUser,wilhelm.freenode.net
varia,unaffiliated/gauge/bot/variation,variation,niven.freenode.net
necomancer,unaffiliated/necomancer,sr,card.freenode.net
felixonmars,archlinux/developer/felixonmars,Felix Yan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ttlbot,li400-120.members.linode.com,Biergaizi's titlebot,adams.freenode.net
Ohrooz,unaffiliated/starbrilliant,Ohrooz bot,adams.freenode.net
OrzGTalk,li400-120.members.linode.com,OrzGTalk,adams.freenode.net
citypw,188.166.188.160,citypw,adams.freenode.net
KayMW,45.32.93.64,weechat,karatkievich.freenode.net
huawei,unaffiliated/huawei,huawei,wilhelm.freenode.net
exc3pt1on,124.221-157-192.rdns.scalabledns.com,exc3pt1on,tepper.freenode.net
wm-bot,wikimedia/bot/wm-bot,wm-bot,card.freenode.net
Gowe,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jcjjfnaugnnpmcnt,Gowe,leguin.freenode.net
MoeIcenowy,2604:a880:2:d0::2f4:f001,is!,niven.freenode.net
MagicNAT,nat.moe,MagicNAT,weber.freenode.net
misaka-4e22,2002:d249:2b8:233c::12,御坂0x4e21,karatkievich.freenode.net
arowser,106.120.101.38,arowser,verne.freenode.net
excalibr,gateway/shell/firrre/x-aszagjocosiaryoh,excalibr,asimov.freenode.net
mypapit,power.betul.mypapit.net,Mohammad Hafiz Ismail mypapit,asimov.freenode.net
papitfx,power.betul.mypapit.net,http://blog.mypapit.net/,niven.freenode.net
repeater_my,repeater.my,mypapit wuz here,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Volvagia356,ahnenerbe.volzel.net,John Smith,hitchcock.freenode.net
flerb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lfbofgqmzzfpoqlg,William Dover,adams.freenode.net
lambdabot,haskell/bot/lambdabot,Lambda_Robots:_100%_Loyal,wilhelm.freenode.net
ljc,unaffiliated/ljc,ljc,sinisalo.freenode.net
relrod,redhat/relrod,rickymain,asimov.freenode.net
Millennial,176.40.187.195,Millennial,karatkievich.freenode.net
a____ptr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bwfmensiyfdrbncz,Pointing Pointers,adams.freenode.net
RedOrangeZ2,c-73-30-227-113.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,1,11KVIrc 4.9.2 Aria http://kvirc.net/,barjavel.freenode.net
monochrom,216.138.220.146,Albert Y. C. Lai,asimov.freenode.net
makimaki,static-ip-87-248-72-175.promax.media.pl,:(){ :|:& };,leguin.freenode.net
ayin,benzrf.com,Brobot Jr,asimov.freenode.net
EulerPhi,2600:8800:6000:3d7:19f6:d3a9:6372:c701,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
baxx,2a02:c7f:7a0d:5400:305b:d492:e04f:c207,unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
terkelg,46.101.124.177,Terkel,barjavel.freenode.net
equalsraf,unaffiliated/pnatal,user,niven.freenode.net
Ozera_zz,64.188.52.101,Ozera,karatkievich.freenode.net
beingbrown,learnprogramming/regular/beingbrown,beingbrown,card.freenode.net
zhiayang,175.156.224.118,zhiayang,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pharpend,unaffiliated/l0cust,Peter Harpending,niven.freenode.net
YS,176.194.229.191,Yaroslav_,barjavel.freenode.net
benzrf,benzrf.com,ben z rf,rajaniemi.freenode.net
simply,gateway/web/freenode/ip.98.114.64.170,98.114.64.170 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
Enthralled,unaffiliated/dxdydz,Enthraled,orwell.freenode.net
whitesn,gateway/shell/xshellz/x-aksfgkfkkaevanza,SwhineT,wilhelm.freenode.net
Tomatosoup-,178235100164.unknown.vectranet.pl,Mateusz Urbanczyk,barjavel.freenode.net
awaluk,vps.waluk.pl,Arkadiusz Waluk,barjavel.freenode.net
event15,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-kvlxvddgfdebbzbb,event15,adams.freenode.net
draghan,144.242.forpsi.net,Dariusz,card.freenode.net
soilnar,everything.8dromeda.net,Danagen Industries: GC90345,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Wayward_One,gateway/shell/firrre/x-eetyigajhmkuyegb,Wayward One,adams.freenode.net
sfan5,unaffiliated/sfan5,kitten,niven.freenode.net
celeron55,everything.8dromeda.net,Perttu,karatkievich.freenode.net
Cloudef,dsl-jklbrasgw1-54fb10-2.dhcp.inet.fi,Cloudef,card.freenode.net
dangranos,hekate.pc-logix.com,dangranos,sinisalo.freenode.net
Limnoria,helium.progval.net,Limnoria,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Bouska,ip-62-235-147-211.dsl.scarlet.be,bouska,tepper.freenode.net
Renault,2a01:e35:8bfb:6cf0:c908:52ea:cad5:1439,Charles-Antoine Couret,adams.freenode.net
davidcl,ARennes-656-1-229-117.w2-14.abo.wanadoo.fr,Clément David,sinisalo.freenode.net
Casper_v2,fedora/fantom,Fantom,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
shaiton,163.172.38.87,Kévin Raymond,niven.freenode.net
arza,unaffiliated/arza,arza,barjavel.freenode.net
Enzime,aura.miserable.ninja,Enzime,hitchcock.freenode.net
The-Compiler,qutebrowser/dev/The-Compiler,Florian Bruhin,adams.freenode.net
HolySmoke,localhorst.tv,Daniel Karbach,orwell.freenode.net
Ferus,qutebrowser/user/Ferus,Ferus Castor,niven.freenode.net
dunj3,kingdread.de,/dev/null,karatkievich.freenode.net
xenoxaos,2600:3c02::f03c:91ff:feae:2da1,Mike,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Maff,freebsd/contributor/maff,Maff,wilhelm.freenode.net
Mikaku,pdpc/supporter/active/mikaku,Jordi Sanfeliu,hitchcock.freenode.net
minde,unaffiliated/minde,Mindaugas N.,barjavel.freenode.net
nyloc,darwin.nyloc.de,nyloc,sinisalo.freenode.net
Herb_Tarlek,104.245.34.24,FN_Herb,weber.freenode.net
phryk,ip-37-24-162-208.hsi14.unitymediagroup.de,Your mom.,tepper.freenode.net
Tarjaizaid,unaffiliated/tarjaizaid,Sylvain,wilhelm.freenode.net
k0nsl,unaffiliated/k0nsl,k0nsl (i.am@k0nsl.org),rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
kyak,unaffiliated/kyak,kyak,rajaniemi.freenode.net
eightyeight,oalug/member/eightyeight,eightyeight,asimov.freenode.net
sigabrt,2001:4800:7815:103:51a2:7807:ff04:96bc,sigabrt,wilhelm.freenode.net
hobu,osgeo/member/hobu,Google me,barjavel.freenode.net
dustymugs,c-76-102-80-246.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,dustymugs,adams.freenode.net
bohan,factoid.retropaganda.info,Johan Boule,wolfe.freenode.net
wzbot,unaffiliated/vexed/bot/wzbot,wzbot,barjavel.freenode.net
pcdummy,unaffiliated/pcdummy,pcdummy,,,,wilhelm.freenode.net
Cyp_,x1-6-e8-94-f6-cd-57-25.cpe.webspeed.dk,Cyp,barjavel.freenode.net
Fabio_IT,46.229.81.147,KVIrc 4.2.0 Equilibrium http://kvirc.net/,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ToTaLkRieG,31.20.33.80,13,6Unknown,weber.freenode.net
dakar,unaffiliated/dakar,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
taffit_,94.64.66.148.dsl.dyn.mana.pf,David Prévot,asimov.freenode.net
untitaker,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wukhwqihndtwsydl,Markus Unterwaditzer,wolfe.freenode.net
der-flo,2001:67c:26f4:224::227,flo,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
evrt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-niajdubwoupngqai,Evert Pot,wilhelm.freenode.net
rnx,unaffiliated/rnx,r,wilhelm.freenode.net
LukasReschke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kmoldgbzpshcqarx,Lukas Reschke,wilhelm.freenode.net
quaid,fedora/quaid,Karsten Wade,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
noriko__,d49-187-148-89.rdl2.qld.optusnet.com.au,Noriko Mizumoto,wolfe.freenode.net
blindcoder,2a01:4f8:131:2401:88:198:45:251,Benjamin Schieder,wolfe.freenode.net
Zyphyr,c-174-49-168-68.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,Zyphyr,hitchcock.freenode.net
kuzetsa,wikipedia/kuzetsa,Sarah White,karatkievich.freenode.net
for5aken_,144.202.228.211,for5aken,roddenberry.freenode.net
androphius,unaffiliated/androphius,Androphius,hitchcock.freenode.net
dtype,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-stzfcbyaomenfsfx,Drew Streib,adams.freenode.net
dartainus,c-174-49-168-68.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,dartainus,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rocklogbot,gz.anderdonau.de,Benjamin Schieder,adams.freenode.net
Klumben,elmo.stole-your.pw,you,wilhelm.freenode.net
TauPan,dudelab.org,Friedrich Delgado,wilhelm.freenode.net
stux,37.48.121.205,stux,card.freenode.net
for5aken,mail.atozed.com,for5aken,weber.freenode.net
Firien,unaffiliated/firien,Pete,wolfe.freenode.net
Druplicon,drupal/bot/druplicon,Druplicon :http://drupal.org/project/bot,asimov.freenode.net
kweigand,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pyjnxofebypencdx,Ken Weigand,wilhelm.freenode.net
drastik-jw,104.251.216.181,Joshua Walker,sinisalo.freenode.net
ackjewt,muffins.ninja,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
phed,158.36.191.230,phed,verne.freenode.net
dash__,81.27.40.63,Dag Asheim,wilhelm.freenode.net
einarjh,2001:700:1d00:8::2491,Einar Jørgen Haraldseid,wolfe.freenode.net
Tvilling,unaffiliated/twiner,Michael Leitet,wilhelm.freenode.net
daven,cm-84.209.246.63.getinternet.no,Pibb mc Pibbert,karatkievich.freenode.net
ccscanf,alemayhu.com,Alexander Alemayhu,karatkievich.freenode.net
ham,nerdhaven.nuug.no,jfyb,card.freenode.net
xenadu,nerdhaven.nuug.no,Thomas Gramstad,verne.freenode.net
nikolark,login.blix.com,Nikolai R�ed Kristiansen,orwell.freenode.net
toresbe,158.36.191.230,Tore Sinding Bekkedal,wolfe.freenode.net
pere,148.122.12.94,realname,verne.freenode.net
ponas,2a01:7e00::20:c0de,ponas,niven.freenode.net
einarjh2,2604:a880:800:10::4b9:1,Einar Jørgen Haraldseid,wolfe.freenode.net
kierank,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hmxjmexlxlhkpwxn,Kieran Kunhya,niven.freenode.net
q_plaz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jviljplpydwlvqrr,q_plaz,wolfe.freenode.net
urjaman,unaffiliated/urjaman,Urja,adams.freenode.net
cxl000,c27-253-11-51.brodm4.vic.optusnet.com.au,chris,sinisalo.freenode.net
Alcest,69.64.40.177,Ecailles de lune,leguin.freenode.net
igitoor,unaffiliated/contempt,igitur,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lukey_,p4FC5E4D4.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,lukas,asimov.freenode.net
sle85276,ipb21ac4d5.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,Stefan Leichter,adams.freenode.net
black_rez,calculating-god.com,Black ReZ,weber.freenode.net
bucketm0use,unaffiliated/bucketm0use,no-user,asimov.freenode.net
sheepluva,unaffiliated/sheepluva,<empty>,barjavel.freenode.net
sebt3,gateway/web/freenode/ip.80.12.102.147,80.12.102.147 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
TrashyMG|Work,129.42.208.167,realname,leguin.freenode.net
nixuman,194.100.66.1,nixuman,rajaniemi.freenode.net
SLiX,195-154-178-165.rev.poneytelecom.eu,SLiX,asimov.freenode.net
deww,unaffiliated/deww,dc2,barjavel.freenode.net
TrashyMG|omap5,c-50-138-218-167.hsd1.vt.comcast.net,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
Eli2_,pdpc/supporter/professional/eli2,F.,wilhelm.freenode.net
Mondai,p4FEBC8ED.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Mondai,karatkievich.freenode.net
Jdbye,me.jdbye.com,Furry, and damn proud of it!,asimov.freenode.net
Gadgetoid,ip-78-109-177-200.ask4internet.com,Phil,card.freenode.net
dlan,gentoo/developer/dlan,lan,asimov.freenode.net
CME,ip9234d04d.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,CME,kornbluth.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
harrow,68.ip-149-56-14.net,harrow,weber.freenode.net
slaeshjag,81-230-144-30-no181.tbcn.telia.com,Steven Arnow,barjavel.freenode.net
Binky2,5.151.46.4,A Nonny Mouse,wolfe.freenode.net
comradekingu,ti0005a400-4108.bb.online.no,Allan Nordhøy,verne.freenode.net
_EightBit_,ip-217-103-209-172.ip.prioritytelecom.net,mos6510,barjavel.freenode.net
Cloudef,dsl-jklbrasgw1-54fb10-2.dhcp.inet.fi,Cloudef,card.freenode.net
Zoxc,98.93-89-45.enivest.net,Zoxc,wilhelm.freenode.net
risca-nas2,212.85.71.156,Patrik Dahlström,card.freenode.net
phanboet,81-230-144-30-no181.tbcn.telia.com,Fanbot³,verne.freenode.net
Happy_Ente,2001:bc8:4400:2100::71f,Christian R.,wolfe.freenode.net
aTc,h114201.upc-h.chello.nl,aTc,asimov.freenode.net
mastag25,unaffiliated/mastag25,...,adams.freenode.net
dTal,host217-37-98-253.in-addr.btopenworld.com,User Dtal,karatkievich.freenode.net
DaMummy,2605:a000:ffc0:ca:e95f:6e3d:7bd1:c54,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Neelix,203.214.47.177,Sibling Creature,wilhelm.freenode.net
Shlee,ducks.votedongs.forever.redletter.link,votedongsforever,orwell.freenode.net
Sabotender,unaffiliated/sabotender,Sabotender Cactuar,asimov.freenode.net
EvilDragon,p2003000617125556022618FFFE725F8B.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
cosurgi,zelbet2.bl.pg.gda.pl,cogito ergo sum,asimov.freenode.net
Wally,agirlhasno.name,Arya Stark,orwell.freenode.net
ssvb,dsl-espbrasgw1-54fa71-124.dhcp.inet.fi,Siarhei Siamashka,karatkievich.freenode.net
SteveG,pdpc/supporter/21for7/steveg,steve,wilhelm.freenode.net
refsw,80.150.130.51,refsw,verne.freenode.net
bagmouse7,71.69.169.128,bagmouse7,wilhelm.freenode.net
dreamer,unaffiliated/dreamer,henk,rajaniemi.freenode.net
_aegis_,c-98-234-179-160.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,aegis,leguin.freenode.net
gordonfish,unaffiliated/gordonfish,Gordon Fish,verne.freenode.net
MageKing17,2601:602:8a02:3c65:c8b9:e458:5f72:85a0,Will,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tsesarevich,fluxbuntu/founder/joejaxx,Otshelnik,adams.freenode.net
grinsekatze,unaffiliated/grinsekatze,Andreas,sinisalo.freenode.net
dos1,neo900/coreteam/dos,Sebastian Krzyszkowiak,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Binky,5.151.46.193,aNonnyMouse,wolfe.freenode.net
RedRingRico,redringrico.plus.com,realname,niven.freenode.net
sebt3_,2a01:e34:ec6d:7140:e4cc:8dc3:8bdd:5643,realname,adams.freenode.net
Alam_Squeeze,rigginstereo.lawarias.srb2.org,Alam Arias,karatkievich.freenode.net
skmp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iuionvlljpuyktwu,skmp,wilhelm.freenode.net
Necrosporus,unaffiliated/necrosporus,Necrosporus,hitchcock.freenode.net
ekianjo,zaqd37c9270.zaq.ne.jp,admin,asimov.freenode.net
Tachaway,yuna.autie.net,FTL,orwell.freenode.net
AeonMasamune,2-249-161-219-no2202.tbcn.telia.com,AeonMasamune,asimov.freenode.net
B-ZaR,irc.bzar.fi,bzar,weber.freenode.net
mordante,wesnoth/developer/mordante,mordante,wolfe.freenode.net
codeaholic,linuxgeneration.org,Trey,weber.freenode.net
wej,2a00:1768:2001:7::3e,j,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jA_cOp,144.76.87.247,ミスタードーナツ,asimov.freenode.net
calc84maniac,71-14-101-241.dhcp.gnvl.sc.charter.com,calc84maniac,barjavel.freenode.net
sim4000,unixboard/users/sim,Christian B.,adams.freenode.net
bobbens,unaffiliated/bobbens,bobbens,orwell.freenode.net
Ivanovic,wesnoth/developer/ivanovic,Ivanovics Bouncer,karatkievich.freenode.net
undexsym,dsl-jklbrasgw1-54fb10-2.dhcp.inet.fi,undexsym,adams.freenode.net
burb,c-83-233-249-163.cust.bredband2.com,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
DJWillis,82.33.113.205,John Willis,wilhelm.freenode.net
OmegaPhil,fsf/member/OmegaPhil,4,8Omega Weapon,card.freenode.net
FIQ,prgmr/customer/fiq,Fredrik Ljungdahl,weber.freenode.net
ohama,cicolina.org,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
jbrown,2a02:c7d:8e9c:4500:5147:4626:abb3:28,J Brown,niven.freenode.net
singler,178.62.236.208,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
tg,unaffiliated/tg,tg,karatkievich.freenode.net
DarkHalf,2a03:b0c0:1:d0::279:e009,DarkHalf,rajaniemi.freenode.net
niko_20010,unaffiliated/niko-20010/x-4647557,naud,sinisalo.freenode.net
MikeDX,div-arena.co.uk,Mike DX,tepper.freenode.net
Lordus_,p508ED505.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Lordus,verne.freenode.net
Gryfelhase,dslb-088-064-246-161.088.064.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Lord Inukignito,barjavel.freenode.net
notaz|work,88-119-11-127.static.zebra.lt,purple,karatkievich.freenode.net
Trezker,h77n13-sde-a31.ias.bredband.telia.com,anders andersson,karatkievich.freenode.net
gruetzkopf,captured-elf.dont-follow-me.eu,gruetzkopf,kornbluth.freenode.net
esmiurium,45.63.76.107,Page Closed,karatkievich.freenode.net
zencognito,2601:600:8a00:df:ceaf:78ff:fec8:aba6,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
Nascher,saturn.nascher.org,Kevin,sinisalo.freenode.net
valhalla,94-39-192-145.adsl-ull.clienti.tiscali.it,Elena of Valhalla,asimov.freenode.net
Linkandzelda,unaffiliated/linkandzelda,Linkandzelda,niven.freenode.net
MichaelXX2_,12.30.189.106,MichaelXX2,card.freenode.net
balkamos,unaffiliated/motley,balkamos,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
akislitsky,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe6e:4db,Alexander Kislitsky,leguin.freenode.net
seeg,li470-46.members.linode.com,Przemyslaw Kaminski,rajaniemi.freenode.net
asilenkov,91.218.144.129,Artem Silenkov,card.freenode.net
nurla,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe6e:4db,Nastya Urlapova,adams.freenode.net
SergK,irc-bouncer01.fuel-infra.org,Sergey Kulanov,adams.freenode.net
zimboboyd,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-nxmhfnbezgqdhybw,Zimbo Boyd,leguin.freenode.net
madcao,barracuda.ixsystems.com,realname,weber.freenode.net
t0mb0_,gateway/shell/firrre/x-rmsqoxnjggulehsf,t0mb0,wilhelm.freenode.net
SergeyLukjanov,frostman.ru,Sergey Lukjanov,asimov.freenode.net
Work^Seony,fw.coe.hawaii.edu,Seowon Jung,hitchcock.freenode.net
aarefiev,194.213.110.67,Anton Arefiev,sinisalo.freenode.net
MiroslavAnashkin,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe6e:4db,Miroslav Anashkin,wolfe.freenode.net
ogelbukh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zgvhtbgltjmnhdyd,ogelbukh,karatkievich.freenode.net
sbog,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe6e:4db,Stanislaw Bogatkin,karatkievich.freenode.net
fBigBro,irc-bouncer01.fuel-infra.org,Big Brother,card.freenode.net
genunix,86-63-218-146.client.rionet.cz,Filip Pytloun,adams.freenode.net
rakhmerov,91.218.144.129,Renat Akhmerov,leguin.freenode.net
Bomfunk,last.fm/user/MrBomfunk,Bomfunk,niven.freenode.net
DinaBelova,frostman.ru,Dina Belova,karatkievich.freenode.net
kdavyd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-aqzuiojewmvquvrm,Kirill Davydychev,wilhelm.freenode.net
meow-nofer,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe6e:4db,Nikolay Markov,wolfe.freenode.net
holser_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vkoirdrthdldbrtr,Sergii Golovatiuk,hitchcock.freenode.net
apalkina,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe6e:4db,Anastasia Palkina,leguin.freenode.net
elemoine_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tspniinuirltrsil,Eric Lemoine,wilhelm.freenode.net
mattymo,irc-bouncer01.fuel-infra.org,Matthew Mosesohn,barjavel.freenode.net
Reepicheep,unaffiliated/reepicheep,Reepicheep,asimov.freenode.net
NikitaKonovalov,frostman.ru,Nikita Konovalov,wolfe.freenode.net
ajafo,ajafo.pl,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
ativelkov,91.218.144.129,Alexander Tivelkov,leguin.freenode.net
elemoine-,irc-bouncer01.fuel-infra.org,Eric Lemoine,niven.freenode.net
dkaigarodsev_,irc-bouncer01.fuel-infra.org,Dmitry Kaiharodsev,niven.freenode.net
ababich,194.213.110.67,purple,weber.freenode.net
akscram,palevo.sgu.ru,Ilya Kharin,karatkievich.freenode.net
z-,unaffiliated/zaph,none,wolfe.freenode.net
izinovik_,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe6e:4db,Igor Zinovik,leguin.freenode.net
tuvenen_,irc-bouncer01.fuel-infra.org,Guillaume Thouvenin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
YorikSar,91.207.132.72,"Yuriy Taraday",weber.freenode.net
zefciu,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dfidxfsjurdqgfio,Szymon Pyżalski,wilhelm.freenode.net
higgins,68.ip-149-56-14.net,higgins,adams.freenode.net
tlbr,93.170.105.80,Ivan Udovichenko,hitchcock.freenode.net
ashtokolov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qjwqvvycvvspiiub,Alexey Shtokolov,adams.freenode.net
dburmistrov,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe6e:4db,Dmitry Burmistrov,leguin.freenode.net
Leeky,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:feae:abfb,Robert Lee-Cann,wilhelm.freenode.net
StatelessCat,unaffiliated/statelesscat,catcatcat,niven.freenode.net
JasonO,unaffiliated/hereticlocke,Jason,weber.freenode.net
ben_thatmustbeme,2601:196:8603:6b46:475:a645:914a:9aec,Ben Roberts,wilhelm.freenode.net
sarek,hos.hostify.org,Sarek,asimov.freenode.net
asheesh,109.166.211.130.bc.googleusercontent.com,Asheesh Laroia,adams.freenode.net
jdcauley,192.34.61.224,jordan,adams.freenode.net
gko,2400:8900::f03c:91ff:fe70:e605,gko,leguin.freenode.net
leg,host-240-46-0-161.ibw.com.ni,Georg Lehner,tepper.freenode.net
camerongray,unaffiliated/camerongray,Quassel IRC User,weber.freenode.net
XgF,magi1.paris.fr.node.e43.eu,Owen Shepherd,card.freenode.net
Pierre-O,bl4-207-26.dsl.telepac.pt,Pierre-O,karatkievich.freenode.net
Erkan_Yilmaz,wikimedia/Erkan-Yilmaz,Erkan Yilmaz,hitchcock.freenode.net
sonicrocketman,li154-251.members.linode.com,Brian Schrader,weber.freenode.net
tommorris,wikimedia/Tom-Morris,Tom Morris,wolfe.freenode.net
KevinMarks_,c-67-164-14-200.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Kevin Marks,barjavel.freenode.net
Ruxton,wilburcobb.digitalignition.net,Ruxton,asimov.freenode.net
tbrb,enucs/member/tbrb,Harry,karatkievich.freenode.net
bergie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jnqncwbconewxfyd,Henri Bergius,wilhelm.freenode.net
bnvk,gateway/shell/c-base/x-ezsjxrnqspwjyeia,Brennan Novak,barjavel.freenode.net
dansup,ks4000028.ip-198-245-60.net,Dan Sup,weber.freenode.net
miklb,97-96-239-158.res.bhn.net,Michael Bishop,tepper.freenode.net
PFMurph,95.211.190.82,Ponos McGee,tepper.freenode.net
kants,unaffiliated/kants,kants,barjavel.freenode.net
cjk101010,2a00:1828:2000:774::5,Christian Kruse,sinisalo.freenode.net
DanC_,cpe-75-87-140-147.kc.res.rr.com,Dan Connolly,orwell.freenode.net
prtksxna,2604:9a00:2010:a00d:14::12c,Prateek Saxena,sinisalo.freenode.net
comzeradd,gateway/web/mozilla/x-tmtqjirhnnkufukq,Nikos Roussos,karatkievich.freenode.net
johannh,gateway/web/mozilla/x-hcbkemockewefsym,Johann Hofmann,adams.freenode.net
shoup,45.63.76.107,Slick,leguin.freenode.net
Salt,s3rve.com,Salt,adams.freenode.net
ehlovader,unaffiliated/ehlovader,Joe,karatkievich.freenode.net
aaronpk,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe37:677d,aaronpk,wolfe.freenode.net
GWG,107.155.87.133,GWG,leguin.freenode.net
petermolnar,akasha.petermolnar.eu,Peter Molnar,niven.freenode.net
sknebel,2a01:4f8:201:2382::18,sknebel,adams.freenode.net
rrix,fedora/PhrkOnLsh,@rrix:kickass.systems,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kongaloosh,2604:a880:800:10::6ef:e001,nope,karatkievich.freenode.net
sbruce,104.131.86.130,Shaun Bruce,niven.freenode.net
neanias,87.117.246.208,William Mathewson,weber.freenode.net
reidab,198.199.114.143,Reid Beels,asimov.freenode.net
smcgrego1,72-11-240-133.static-ip.telepacific.net,Sean McGregor,orwell.freenode.net
MylesBraithwaite,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe96:2784,Myles Braithwaite,karatkievich.freenode.net
kerozene,unaffiliated/kerozene,kerozene,card.freenode.net
bttf,138.68.16.63,Emmett L. Brown,tepper.freenode.net
minsky,But.I.Love.The.Coookies.PanicBNC.com,minsky,karatkievich.freenode.net
Zegnat,elnath.uberspace.de,Martijn,karatkievich.freenode.net
michel_v,unaffiliated/michelv/x-000000001,Trololololo lololo lololo lololo lololoooo,weber.freenode.net
__number5__,unaffiliated/bwang,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
tridnguyen,45.55.92.84,Tri Nguyen,weber.freenode.net
R2ZER0,niobium.r2zer0.net,Rikki Guy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Garbee,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jdrvihdqgtuzvrvo,Jonathan,adams.freenode.net
rpcope,162.245.217.4,Robert Cope,barjavel.freenode.net
seekr,unaffiliated/seekr,seekr,weber.freenode.net
coopey,coopey.org,Simon Coopey,karatkievich.freenode.net
rascul,rascul.xyz,rascul,orwell.freenode.net
renoirb,renoirboulanger.com,Renoir Boulanger,leguin.freenode.net
daf,rhydd.org,daf,verne.freenode.net
Guerillero|BNC,wikipedia/Guerillero,Tom,verne.freenode.net
aegibsonme,c-98-234-224-152.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,aegibsonme,barjavel.freenode.net
halorgium,ceramic.spork.in,halorgium,wilhelm.freenode.net
rektide_,eldergods.com,rektide,orwell.freenode.net
emceeaich__,gateway/web/mozilla/x-xydfqxdaijnkhrul,Emma Humphries,weber.freenode.net
bear,bear.im,Mike,wolfe.freenode.net
bjoern,mass.atrocity.me,Watching Empires Burn,wilhelm.freenode.net
Gold,2404:130:0:1000:bdae:2d1b:7b78:d845,Gold,rajaniemi.freenode.net
marinintim,46.101.78.222,mt,orwell.freenode.net
myfreeweb,unrelenting.technology,Greg,karatkievich.freenode.net
jacus,tools.daedalusdreams.com,Josh Proehl,barjavel.freenode.net
g2,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-fmbddiepytagfvte,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
wagle,irc.wagle.io,Perry Wagle,,,,,verne.freenode.net
jonnybarnes,jonnybarnes.uk,Jonny Barnes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pindonga,host205.186-108-88.telecom.net.ar,Ricardo Kirkner,orwell.freenode.net
strugee,strugee.net,Alex Jordan,karatkievich.freenode.net
sl007,2a02:908:eb42:f7c0:4597:7da9:3f2:17fe,Sebastian Lasse,sinisalo.freenode.net
g3funk,192.34.61.224,braden,asimov.freenode.net
finchd,aron.dfin.ch,Donovan Finch <finchd@dfin.ch>,asimov.freenode.net
terminalpixel,ns364321.ip-91-121-122.eu,Grant Richmond,weber.freenode.net
catsup,ps38852.dreamhost.com,d,karatkievich.freenode.net
arlen,unaffiliated/arlen,arlen,wolfe.freenode.net
kline,freenode/staff/enucs.kline,Gareth,weber.freenode.net
cuibonobo,c-50-167-231-91.hsd1.ga.comcast.net,Jen Montes,card.freenode.net
pfefferle,2001:8d8:1ff:1000:6563:36b:33e2:29d2,Matthias Pfefferle,wolfe.freenode.net
bret,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-thzaumlzwpolfmxh,Bret Comnes,leguin.freenode.net
ePirat,unaffiliated/epirat,ePirat,niven.freenode.net
Jammy_Stuff,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pqsvyixueztotmed,James Wheatley,wolfe.freenode.net
Loqi,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe37:677d,cinch,wilhelm.freenode.net
Jeena,jugulator.defunced.de,Jeena Paradies,weber.freenode.net
kapowaz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mgqkvfmrpkgedzyf,Ben Darlow,adams.freenode.net
CaptainCalliope_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vaqhxibsbdvjprfl,Lyre Calliope,wolfe.freenode.net
chimo,chromic.org,chimo,verne.freenode.net
voxpelli,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kbhhqxsuvtlmkgiq,Pelle Wessman,barjavel.freenode.net
anarchivist,pdpc/supporter/active/anarchivist,Mx Matienzo,adams.freenode.net
mattl,gnu/mattl,Matt Lee,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rhiaro,178.62.197.214,rhiaro.co.uk,wilhelm.freenode.net
matthewtrask,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zgvyjmbmusmnvgqe,Matthew Trask,karatkievich.freenode.net
moredhel,51.255.106.212,Hamish Hutch,orwell.freenode.net
raucao,skippe2.nine.ch,Basti,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bignose,jigong.madmonks.org,Ben Finney,wolfe.freenode.net
TABrony,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wmknyqswidvimhko,TAB,adams.freenode.net
Sukasa,24.108.129.183,...,roddenberry.freenode.net
Saint_Absol,h73.61.188.173.dynamic.ip.windstream.net,Nathan,tepper.freenode.net
mattstauffer_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oftuxjogsvbcnxal,Matt Stauffer,adams.freenode.net
elazar,irc.daveyshafik.com,Matthew Turland,leguin.freenode.net
rdohms,bots.doh.ms,Rafael Dohms,weber.freenode.net
ysionneau,37.59.58.85,Yann Sionneau,wolfe.freenode.net
sbadia,marcellin.sebian.fr,Seb,verne.freenode.net
dlgg,ilooove.beer,Damien Lesgourgues,wilhelm.freenode.net
lapool,leloop/bot/lapool,http://wiki.leloop.org/index.php/lapool,leguin.freenode.net
ToM`,leloop/ToMPouce,ToM,adams.freenode.net
oz,cypr.io,Arnaud Berthomier,barjavel.freenode.net
geb_,mars.gebura.eu.org,geb,wolfe.freenode.net
Porkepix,2001:41d0:8:95a8::1,Porkepix,leguin.freenode.net
opaqueshadow,b4nd.it,opaqueshadow,asimov.freenode.net
paddatrapper,kritsit.ddns.net,paddatrap,wolfe.freenode.net
vroom,198.211.101.48,kzisme,karatkievich.freenode.net
pawc,kritsit.ddns.net,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
kzisme,unaffiliated/kzisme,kzisme,wolfe.freenode.net
progether,ec2-54-226-17-219.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Python IRC,card.freenode.net
zacksh,2001:4800:7812:514:e0c8:953e:ff04:f7da,zack,adams.freenode.net
stackedsax,104.130.0.138,Got ZNC?,tepper.freenode.net
lindsayk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uvbaceljplajaylk,Lindsay K,wolfe.freenode.net
lekha,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mnjycmcbgmllwpql,lekha,sinisalo.freenode.net
mburns,rialto.mirwin.net,mburns,asimov.freenode.net
cyli,172.99.77.232,Cy Li,wolfe.freenode.net
Azure,unaffiliated/azure,Mark,rajaniemi.freenode.net
WizJin,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-wdmakfakfpvvoiha,WizJin,karatkievich.freenode.net
Aiko,unaffiliated/azure/bot/aiko,Aiko,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Shinohara,davidtgreen.net,Shinohara,orwell.freenode.net
Ceriand|desktop,unaffiliated/ceriand,purple,barjavel.freenode.net
simcop2387,p3m/member/simcop2387,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
CRWM,104.236.126.142,Ron,adams.freenode.net
GekkePrutser,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-owxvwlmvujxctxui,Gekke Prutser,tepper.freenode.net
johnstein,192.73.239.18,johnstein,orwell.freenode.net
Jameser,60.24.146.210,Textual User,verne.freenode.net
jvallejo,nat/redhat/x-jglbgodanlunivxe,purple,orwell.freenode.net
ryanj_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mfomuzlglidtmhjb,ryanj,weber.freenode.net
claytonc_,cpe-174-99-112-104.nc.res.rr.com,claytonc,rajaniemi.freenode.net
HannahWolfe,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zpcovavqvcbhliwz,Hannah Wolfe,sinisalo.freenode.net
StoBrendo,236.ip-149-56-143.net,tux,karatkievich.freenode.net
mize,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lzzciqwlwjbxeqfz,Sean Mize,wilhelm.freenode.net
wycats,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-smfzvbsbrljmiitl,Yehuda Katz,adams.freenode.net
frdmn,unaffiliated/frdmn,frdmn,orwell.freenode.net
manuelbieh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-awnrvskmirxfvyig,Manuel,adams.freenode.net
shwoodard_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ipmxkpdutnwianmm,Sam Woodard,adams.freenode.net
ChrisHC,2001:41d0:8:7ad8::1,ChrisHC,karatkievich.freenode.net
[LobbyBot],chatify.de,LobbyBot v1.0.0. In case of problems, contact Maqs,tepper.freenode.net
Nuhyuz,a88-112-129-123.elisa-laajakaista.fi,Nuhyuz,barjavel.freenode.net
rene-dev,reroo.de,rene,weber.freenode.net
GoGi,hyde.gogi.eu,GoGi,wolfe.freenode.net
VargaD,188-143-108-97.pool.digikabel.hu,Daniel Varga,orwell.freenode.net
ShenLong,s.zwischen-welten.info,Shen Long,weber.freenode.net
Maqs,internetmafia.org,Marcus,adams.freenode.net
Flow86,www.siedler25.org,Flow86,leguin.freenode.net
theAnDrO40,p579EA881.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Andreas,hitchcock.freenode.net
jh-tmp,mail.chicuna.eu,jh,kornbluth.freenode.net
heinrich5991,unaffiliated/heinrich5991,heinrich5991,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Spikeone,www.siedler25.org,Spikeone,adams.freenode.net
NastX,jonas-trampe.de,Jonas Trampe,wolfe.freenode.net
poohbear,unaffiliated/tigger,poohbear,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Gundersanne,odd-sock.co.uk,Gundersanne,orwell.freenode.net
windragon,unaffiliated/alvinhochun,-,wolfe.freenode.net
Altreus,unaffiliated/altreus,altreus,wilhelm.freenode.net
SpiceBot,188.166.7.81,Supybot 0.83.4.1,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kater,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gordeqsmowrlwttl,Kater,wolfe.freenode.net
SicoWork,nat1.rugby.propcom.co.uk,...,orwell.freenode.net
rycuda,cats.meow.at,J,wolfe.freenode.net
BrainoMite,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sphndzamitrfapas,brainomite,adams.freenode.net
djronnieg,cpe-68-174-241-108.si.res.rr.com,Solar Galactica,weber.freenode.net
ilbot3,tina.perlgeek.de,irc log bot, http://moritz.faui2k3.org/en/ilbot,leguin.freenode.net
trs,pool-108-52-144-116.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,Thomas Sibley,niven.freenode.net
dboys_,46.149.82.197,dboys,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
cgfbee,oc1.itim-cj.ro,irc log bot, http://moritz.faui2k3.org/en/ilbot,card.freenode.net
rjt,ip174-70-59-228.om.om.cox.net,Anonymous,sinisalo.freenode.net
flu,conger.bio.indiana.edu,Josh Goodman,weber.freenode.net
Whoop,unaffiliated/whoop,Adam Gibbins,wilhelm.freenode.net
DaGardner,unaffiliated/dagardner,DaGardner,card.freenode.net
zack,fsf/member/zack,Stefano Zacchiroli,niven.freenode.net
musicmatze,libra.uberspace.de,musicmatze,hitchcock.freenode.net
elasticdog,archlinux/fellow/elasticdog,Aaron Bull Schaefer,weber.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
sm,li229-222.members.linode.com,Simon Michael,orwell.freenode.net
jmiven,woodcarver.algeb.re,Vivien Moreau,niven.freenode.net
yegle,nat/google/x-zfxvkurakfietxfb,Yuchen Ying,leguin.freenode.net
bcall,gateway/apache/trafficserver/session,bcall,adams.freenode.net
ATSJenkins,jenkins.rax.boot.org,PircBotX 2.0.1, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bo,weber.freenode.net
PSUdaemon,69.241.53.136,Phil Sorber,karatkievich.freenode.net
amc,gateway/apache/trafficserver/session,Alan M. Carroll,adams.freenode.net
jacksontj,c-98-234-168-235.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Thomas Jackson,wolfe.freenode.net
maskit,gateway/apache/trafficserver/session,maskit,adams.freenode.net
masaori,gateway/apache/trafficserver/session,masaori,tepper.freenode.net
jpeach,gateway/apache/trafficserver/session,James Peach,tepper.freenode.net
zwoop,apache/committer/zwoop,Leif Hedstrom,adams.freenode.net
ASFBot,apache/bot/asfbot,ASF Multipurpose Bot,verne.freenode.net
wm-bot,wikimedia/bot/wm-bot,wm-bot,card.freenode.net
haruue,unaffiliated/haruue,Haruue Icymoon,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
funnel,unaffiliated/espiral,funnel,hitchcock.freenode.net
larsemil,pamela.daladevelop.se,Emil Österlund,sinisalo.freenode.net
pistache,lebib.org,pistache,sinisalo.freenode.net
][Sipster][,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-slhmartfcoxfqced,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,barjavel.freenode.net
lee,loathe.ms,satan's furry jam-hats!,asimov.freenode.net
iNs,krowkirobia.mooo.com,ins,rajaniemi.freenode.net
os23,v22016061875235236.happysrv.de,os,niven.freenode.net
camerongray,unaffiliated/camerongray,Quassel IRC User,weber.freenode.net
mikemol,rb3450.g.visvr.net,11,11Mike Mol,wolfe.freenode.net
lowkey,hydra.aufbix.org,lowkey,barjavel.freenode.net
Falcon`,ip248.ip-5-196-244.eu,Falcon,tepper.freenode.net
AnGrYfUrBy,pdpc/supporter/active/angryfurby,JR Peace,wolfe.freenode.net
yotis,47.150.150.177,Yotis,hitchcock.freenode.net
emptynine,cybertron.nullroute.info,zero bytes,sinisalo.freenode.net
iosys,unaffiliated/iosys,RAX,wolfe.freenode.net
denon,unaffiliated/denon,denon,wolfe.freenode.net
danst,188.244.33.186,Kurochka Ryaba,rajaniemi.freenode.net
felipex,host141-149-static.61-79-b.business.telecomitalia.it,Enrico Neri,tepper.freenode.net
svth,tumelum.de,Sven Thomsen,adams.freenode.net
totus,2605:6000:66c0:8800:7c7f:286a:953c:3838,Troy Perkins,wolfe.freenode.net
Resnik,37.247.52.207,Resnik,tepper.freenode.net
madmattco,quassel.madboxes.cc,mattco,card.freenode.net
jrj,net-d.bebifood.ru,Наумов Евгений,weber.freenode.net
netsoundW,netsound-work.rockcom.co,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
P4k3,hydrogen.frostis.se,Got ZNC?,asimov.freenode.net
Tsunami,24-111-248-199-dynamic.midco.net,Tsunami,sinisalo.freenode.net
dddh,pdpc/supporter/active/dddh,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
RudyValencia,unaffiliated/rudyvalencia,Rudy Valencia,niven.freenode.net
drant,unaffiliated/drant,Drant,barjavel.freenode.net
Saaldjor1ike,185.53.130.151,Mike Rostermund,adams.freenode.net
EnergyCoffee,216.105.44.162,EnergyCoffee,karatkievich.freenode.net
tonsofpcs,rivendell/member/tonsofpcs,MythBuntu,adams.freenode.net
a_west,82-183-13-131.customers.ownit.se,Andreas W,sinisalo.freenode.net
rsully,unaffiliated/rsully,rsully,orwell.freenode.net
alexxy,gentoo/developer/alexxy,Alexey Shvetsov,sinisalo.freenode.net
jotik,unaffiliated/jotik,J,karatkievich.freenode.net
Straa,unaffiliated/straa,Straa,wilhelm.freenode.net
koegs,unaffiliated/koegs,koegs,wolfe.freenode.net
Sipster_BNC,Living.In.The.Clouds.PanicBNC.org,Sipster_BNC,karatkievich.freenode.net
fedruantine,45.63.76.107,What's up jive turkeys?,orwell.freenode.net
higgins,68.ip-149-56-14.net,higgins,adams.freenode.net
sappel,x590d55b6.dyn.telefonica.de,realname,leguin.freenode.net
yaleman,unaffiliated/yaleman,yaleman,niven.freenode.net
nwonknu,admin.kgb.mn,-,niven.freenode.net
lorddaedra,213.141.139.44,lorddaedra,verne.freenode.net
Diyar,unaffiliated/diyar,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jxer,plex1.corblivion.com,jxer,card.freenode.net
dome,vayrynen.info,Roni Väyrynen,orwell.freenode.net
mxhob1,ams.hobl.com.au,Nobody,niven.freenode.net
Red_M,unaffiliated/red-m/x-93568202,Red_M,leguin.freenode.net
snixor,93-103-10-34.static.t-2.net,snix,adams.freenode.net
MCM-Mike,unaffiliated/mcm-mike,Mike,wolfe.freenode.net
liriel,185.21.217.6,liriel,tepper.freenode.net
seg,fsf/member/seg,seg,card.freenode.net
pron,2a03:b0c0:0:1010::3de:7001,Jons Plunts,niven.freenode.net
noko_,gate6.zhovner.com,Pavel Zhovner,niven.freenode.net
rlex,ns317403.ip-188-165-207.eu,Lex Rivera,adams.freenode.net
mparisi,107.181.152.106,Marcelo Parisi,adams.freenode.net
dano5,123.109-247-22.customer.lyse.net,Got ZNC?,leguin.freenode.net
butchevans2001,2001:428:9e03:10:3d40:b44f:f57:6cc3,Butch Evans,karatkievich.freenode.net
Matthias,213.181.205.61,Matthias,barjavel.freenode.net
AlHafoudh,echo.freevision.sk,Ahmed Al Hafoudh,wilhelm.freenode.net
Samot,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ieczlhpjezveegcd,Tom Ray,leguin.freenode.net
Teeed,na1noc.pl,teeed,rajaniemi.freenode.net
DrJ,unaffiliated/bacon,DrJ,wilhelm.freenode.net
pacmanfan,216.239.233.120,pacmanfan,barjavel.freenode.net
sep,2a04:2740:1ab:1::2,Ronny Aasen <ronny@aasen.cx>,adams.freenode.net
ekaj,unaffiliated/ekaj,ekaj,karatkievich.freenode.net
Valfor,unaffiliated/mrpps,Valfor,verne.freenode.net
Muligan,2604:a880:800:10::e:400f,Joe Bib Briggs,karatkievich.freenode.net
dynek,178-211-235-84.dhcp.voenergies.net,dynek,weber.freenode.net
rombus,iceland.sdf.org,rombus,adams.freenode.net
drupol,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qrjxmvkevianzzpe,Pol Dellaiera,adams.freenode.net
agrajag,galene.dead4cheap.com,agrajag,niven.freenode.net
Tzic,hatshelter.com,Tzic,verne.freenode.net
j4m3s,pdpc/supporter/active/j4m3s,realname,orwell.freenode.net
zikeji_,znc.zynados.com,zikeji,card.freenode.net
drmessano,pdpc/supporter/active/drmessano,Nonya,adams.freenode.net
spinza,196.212.164.26,spin,wilhelm.freenode.net
flips,unaffiliated/flips,Phil,verne.freenode.net
amospalla,unaffiliated/amospalla,amospalla,adams.freenode.net
sney,d50-93-104-16.abhsia.telus.net,sney,hitchcock.freenode.net
Twoll,unaffiliated/Twoll,Twoll,hitchcock.freenode.net
smica_,88.132.80.188,smica,asimov.freenode.net
busch,mail.datenschleuder.com,busch,wilhelm.freenode.net
joules,pdpc/supporter/active/joulez,Joules,verne.freenode.net
NET||abuse,srv1.labdigital.co.uk,luke,hitchcock.freenode.net
mTeK,216.249.97.206,Matthew Midgett,,,,karatkievich.freenode.net
dimm0k,unaffiliated/dimm0k,dimm0k,wilhelm.freenode.net
Burner_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hmuhafxowqehkjzh,Tapio Haapala,wolfe.freenode.net
dthree,unaffiliated/dthree,Daniel,card.freenode.net
gr8liquor,ip68-228-203-230.ph.ph.cox.net,Christopher Hennessy,hitchcock.freenode.net
netsound,mbp-nws.moses.bz,Fredric Moses,barjavel.freenode.net
_fortis,static.141.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,fortis,wilhelm.freenode.net
mducharme,2605:e200:d00e:100:3127:c8cd:6799:2d28,Michael Ducharme,leguin.freenode.net
vader-,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ntzmuqhxjnoiujex,vader,wolfe.freenode.net
Marbug,ip-83-101-67-3.customer.schedom-europe.net,Unknown,card.freenode.net
thom-,188.165.140.50,whatup,asimov.freenode.net
jermudgeon,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-ruyjivdolfvbcskt,jermudgeon,wilhelm.freenode.net
MeltedLux,bifrost.melted.me,Lux,leguin.freenode.net
ksx4system,eris.mgst.eu,Krzysztof Staniorowski,orwell.freenode.net
biax,unaffiliated/biax,biax,weber.freenode.net
dakar,unaffiliated/dakar,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
jduggan,s.tankengine.org.uk,jduggan AS200623,barjavel.freenode.net
signius,2001:470:1f1d:1e3:218:f3ff:fe07:d575,signius,karatkievich.freenode.net
gsora,unaffiliated/gsora,gsora,tepper.freenode.net
gocevida,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-knhqlzlskolofkwb,GoceVida,wilhelm.freenode.net
iaoakes_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ylolrnrnrjufzjwq,iaoakes,karatkievich.freenode.net
Trystan,ppp234-247.static.internode.on.net,arutha,weber.freenode.net
iam8up2,cpe-184-54-188-68.swo.res.rr.com,jluthman,leguin.freenode.net
scubacuda_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ubhxyjiwsqzmllpe,scubacuda,leguin.freenode.net
banjo67xxx,2a02:168:4a20:1:224:d7ff:fe91:7e74,banjo,adams.freenode.net
DIoX|DaZ,server.civicclub.lt,DIoX|DaZ,hitchcock.freenode.net
MushroomNZ,burrito.whatbox.ca,MushroomNZ,roddenberry.freenode.net
ponky,pon.ky,O A,kornbluth.freenode.net
ihre,unaffiliated/ihre,ihre,barjavel.freenode.net
JustoStyle,61.68.59.26,Justo,niven.freenode.net
turtle,loveturtle.net,The African Love Turtle,karatkievich.freenode.net
miroesq,c-98-211-146-28.hsd1.fl.comcast.net,Samer,tepper.freenode.net
WildyLion,45.32.185.17,Lion,hitchcock.freenode.net
LostBoy,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sgvyurpfxsvpdhkz,Bean,adams.freenode.net
BGL,75-149-171-58-Washington.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,BGLWrK,barjavel.freenode.net
rich-,unaffiliated/rich-,GOD,asimov.freenode.net
Viosa,viosa.net,V,karatkievich.freenode.net
flatface,2605:6400:1:fed5:22:6d7:83c1:794e,He's just this guy, you know?,hobana.freenode.net
LilleCarl,ip201.ip-87-98-159.eu,LilleCarl,sinisalo.freenode.net
Krotiz,unaffiliated/krotiz,Krotiz,niven.freenode.net
mmanning,65-115-153-186.dia.static.qwest.net,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
zzattack,unaffiliated/zzattack,Frank,asimov.freenode.net
nellicus_,205.134.170.126,The Nell,wolfe.freenode.net
WARlrus,home.mattdyson.org,freenode,orwell.freenode.net
lorsungcu,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ujlfgnhalgzxfzoy,Turd Ferguson,wilhelm.freenode.net
OmIkRoNiXz,185.12.237.20,omik,niven.freenode.net
nickle,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pbqdgwbtlfwbnfga,Nick,wilhelm.freenode.net
gtrott_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dgqfacnihaaykogq,GT,adams.freenode.net
Emogen,unaffiliated/toris,Alchamy,sinisalo.freenode.net
mnaser,unaffiliated/mnaser,Mohammed Naser,wilhelm.freenode.net
LiENUS,108-242-135-2.lightspeed.btrgla.sbcglobal.net,unknowed,karatkievich.freenode.net
tumdedum,unaffiliated/espiral,tum-de-dum,card.freenode.net
hive-mind,67.53.153.59,hivemind,karatkievich.freenode.net
demonspork,173-17-72-21.client.mchsi.com,demonspork,tepper.freenode.net
fakha,36.77.106.5,abu fakha,card.freenode.net
cusco,2001:41d0:1:6caf:cafe:cafe:cafe:cafe,trelele,karatkievich.freenode.net
arha,188.26.86.98,yes,adams.freenode.net
StevenR,243.90.93.209.dyn.plus.net,StevenR,barjavel.freenode.net
sean,195-154-109-172.rev.poneytelecom.eu,sean,hitchcock.freenode.net
paste,unaffiliated/joules/bot/paste,Paste,asimov.freenode.net
str4nd,wikimedia/str4nd,Henri Strand - OH8EDS,leguin.freenode.net
jab416171,c-76-27-96-12.hsd1.ut.comcast.net,J B,card.freenode.net
GIANT_CRAB,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xryuovxjulaewoji,Huiren Woo,wolfe.freenode.net
philamonster,104.244.194.24,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
bsaggy,unaffiliated/bsaggy,bsaggy,tepper.freenode.net
nfsnobody,unaffiliated/nfsnobody,nfsnobody,roddenberry.freenode.net
aliosa27,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qoocarlzpbjboltn,kerry brown,weber.freenode.net
skagerak,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-vpvrcixzyyrvvdob,Using EliteBNC, I'm part of the elite!,wolfe.freenode.net
woodjrx,woodonia.com,WoodJRx,,,,karatkievich.freenode.net
lilCodie,i.am.the.fsociety.guru,lilCodie,niven.freenode.net
doughecka,76.74.170.9,doughecka,asimov.freenode.net
crhylove,24.216.245.27,realname,verne.freenode.net
cords__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hpfdjcphnkduoghl,Cords,adams.freenode.net
ivi,unaffiliated/ivi,ivi,wilhelm.freenode.net
pppingme,unaffiliated/pppingme,pppingme,leguin.freenode.net
Cork,firefox/community/cork,Cork,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Magik6k,magik6k.net,Magik6k,sinisalo.freenode.net
raymond,unaffiliated/rainmkr,Raymond DeRoo,leguin.freenode.net
samfty,61.68.59.26,samfty,verne.freenode.net
jurislav,cicolina.org,jurislav,sinisalo.freenode.net
tadej,unaffiliated/tadej,tadej,adams.freenode.net
MrLINK,212.51.3.232,root,tepper.freenode.net
nixfloyd,vps2.eulinux.org,floyd,niven.freenode.net
sepski,2a04:2740:1ab:1::2,Ronny Aasen <ronny@aasen.cx>,niven.freenode.net
awk,alpha.security.web.za,awk@security.web.za,adams.freenode.net
Bhaal,freenode/staff-emeritus/bhaal,Cameron Andrews,card.freenode.net
Sachiru,gateway/shell/firrre/x-okdxjdyyxhmnwxju,Sachiru,wilhelm.freenode.net
omata_,ec2-52-24-96-107.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,omata,adams.freenode.net
risk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zhwsnwysxcdenhev,risk,wolfe.freenode.net
xnbya,ec2-54-72-128-94.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Alexis Enston,,,,niven.freenode.net
CyberDems,srv.webintuitive.co.za,Dimitri,barjavel.freenode.net
_The_Dude,72.38.238.101,lebowski,asimov.freenode.net
baggar11,50-39-178-98.bvtn.or.frontiernet.net,baggar11,weber.freenode.net
Whiskey`,li1004-21.members.linode.com,BoFH,karatkievich.freenode.net
dagelf,ns8.wish.org.za,Coenraad Loubser,rajaniemi.freenode.net
simply6,vps.digitaloverhaul.com,This is it.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
elisiano,elisiano.com,Elisiano,asimov.freenode.net
kylo,ec2-54-164-32-60.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Kylo G,weber.freenode.net
blahdodo,69.172.164.248,Peter Pickford,verne.freenode.net
bastelfreak,basteles-bastelknecht.bastelfreak.org,bastelfreak,hitchcock.freenode.net
for5aken_,144.202.228.211,for5aken,roddenberry.freenode.net
neoice,thule.neoice.net,rk,hitchcock.freenode.net
garethr_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-thdxcodrldtyfnhh,Gareth Rushgrove,adams.freenode.net
ken_barber,puppetlabs/eng/ken-barber,Ken Barber,sinisalo.freenode.net
HAIL9000,192.241.198.22,Hailee Kenney,asimov.freenode.net
awaxa,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-slzzymxcllknbepv,awaxa,wolfe.freenode.net
lkoranda,nat/redhat/x-abbdzmvognypdtnh,L.K.,adams.freenode.net
Fresleven,shell.whilefork.com,Daniel Dreier,weber.freenode.net
stahnma,fedora/stahnma,Michael Stahnke,rajaniemi.freenode.net
danzilio,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lmvavyzacxkedkjy,David Danzilio,wolfe.freenode.net
r00twrh,73.44.33.86,r00tWearsRedHats,wilhelm.freenode.net
igalic,apache/committer/igalic,Igor Gali?,sinisalo.freenode.net
petems,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hnexogfaocvxjpud,Peter Souter,rajaniemi.freenode.net
electrical,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xbescjrhmeuizgvg,Richard Pijnenburg,wilhelm.freenode.net
yo61,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ruqcscsymbjjlrum,Robin Bowes,adams.freenode.net
wkalt,unaffiliated/wkalt,wkalt,asimov.freenode.net
lndbrg___,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zaapbckzzmpmerws,lndbrg,wilhelm.freenode.net
zipkid,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ejtygxyubyerfpsn,Stefan Goethals,wolfe.freenode.net
bmjen,2610:10:20:208:ceaa:77ff:fe2d:49a1,Bryan Jen,niven.freenode.net
codec,enigma.fnord.cx,codec,wilhelm.freenode.net
xorpaul,et-0-15.gw-nat-2.bs.kae.de.oneandone.net,andpaul,verne.freenode.net
for5aken,mail.atozed.com,for5aken,weber.freenode.net
alphonse23_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tukqyuettmgaccly,Sean Westfall,wilhelm.freenode.net
joshontheweb,223.206.64.39,Josh Nielsen,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Johnny-,unaffiliated/johnny-,John,barjavel.freenode.net
jheusala,jhh.me,Jaakko Heusala,asimov.freenode.net
fedorafan,unaffiliated/fedorafan,fedorafan,weber.freenode.net
zear,c-b8fa71d5.05-110-67626724.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,zear,kornbluth.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
sheepluva,unaffiliated/sheepluva,<empty>,barjavel.freenode.net
Simurgh,localhorst.tv,Simurgh,kornbluth.freenode.net
midnightmagic,unaffiliated/midnightmagic,midnightmagic,weber.freenode.net
ege,mail.geiger-online.ch,Erik,rajaniemi.freenode.net
adamOpetersON,p508F6F2B.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Adam o Peterson,card.freenode.net
goto_,satoshis.guru,goto,wilhelm.freenode.net
erplis,unaffiliated/erplis,isegrim,wilhelm.freenode.net
gribble,unaffiliated/nanotube/bot/gribble,Supybot 0.83.4.1+gribble (2014-12-21T23:25:09-0500,asimov.freenode.net
fydel,p57992C93.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,realname,card.freenode.net
Alopex,cyber.dealing.ninja,Dealing Ninja,leguin.freenode.net
BonyM1,ua-83-227-211-4.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,BonyMs,karatkievich.freenode.net
othe,coreteam.getmonero.org,othe,leguin.freenode.net
dn`,b2b-94-79-140-107.unitymedia.biz,dn,card.freenode.net
pelegreno___,107.170.175.57,cinch,niven.freenode.net
nexxus6,unaffiliated/nexxus6,who cares,leguin.freenode.net
lclc,unaffiliated/lclc,IRC-Bouncer by #Shellfire,kornbluth.freenode.net
[7],rockbox/developer/TheSeven,Michael Sparmann,wilhelm.freenode.net
chf,2001-4dd0-2031-0-21e-8cff-fe49-b69.ipv6dyn.netcologne.de,Christoph Franzen,wilhelm.freenode.net
byte,178-17-174-30.static.host,SWIM,leguin.freenode.net
derk0pf,55d42433.access.ecotel.net,Sven,card.freenode.net
Phil_G,server2.shellfire.net,Philipp,kornbluth.freenode.net
flyingkiwi,manu.backend.hamburg,flyingkiwi,karatkievich.freenode.net
pavonia,unaffiliated/siracusa,real name,niven.freenode.net
RaiNerTsuFal,akita.vtlx.cn,Mario,adams.freenode.net
br0t,212.114.51.9,br0t,wilhelm.freenode.net
mr-jack,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-suvenfzecjvsnxfz,mr-jack,karatkievich.freenode.net
nanotube,unaffiliated/nanotube,nanotube,asimov.freenode.net
NikolausK,2604:180:2:361::c74b,Nikolaus Kopernikus,adams.freenode.net
mongole,vps01.jwgn.de,mongole,wilhelm.freenode.net
ratoder,static.111.19.201.138.clients.your-server.de, Java IRC Bot,adams.freenode.net
uZer,178-17-174-27.static.host,*,wilhelm.freenode.net
Guest82720,194.97.152.20,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
r0kit,82.103.140.214,r0kit,kornbluth.freenode.net
emzy,raspberry.emzy.de,Emzy,sinisalo.freenode.net
Dr-G,unaffiliated/dr-g,Dr-G,wilhelm.freenode.net
ceo,unaffiliated/nkuttler/bot/ceo,ceo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Peter_Geschel,94.102.50.47,Peter_Geschel,barjavel.freenode.net
cithrix,monoceres.uberspace.de,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
Systemshock,185.117.75.217,Systemshock,kornbluth.freenode.net
bhaak,84-74-155-133.dclient.hispeed.ch,Patric Mueller,orwell.freenode.net
MCM-Mike,unaffiliated/mcm-mike,Mike,wolfe.freenode.net
smiddi,vps410.fra10-inx05.webhod.de,smiddi,card.freenode.net
netg,monero.pro,x,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Matthias,213.181.205.61,Matthias,barjavel.freenode.net
illu,unaffiliated/illu,i,wolfe.freenode.net
_jungh4ns,static.184.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,junghans,rajaniemi.freenode.net
r0sc0e,homer.snack-me.de,Roscoe,kornbluth.freenode.net
lianj,subtle/user/lianj,lianj,asimov.freenode.net
Dunedan,phoenitydawn.de,Daniel Roschka,adams.freenode.net
fronti,irc.fh-biergarten.de,m,adams.freenode.net
sornros,ipbcc0ba2f.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,Atomic User,tepper.freenode.net
xeroc,unaffiliated/xeroc,xeroc,barjavel.freenode.net
herzmeister,179.43.156.162,herzmeister der welten,verne.freenode.net
btcdwed,loves.irc-ban.de,yodude,leguin.freenode.net
peer69,unaffiliated/peer69,Peer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nkuttler,unaffiliated/nkuttler,nkuttler,wolfe.freenode.net
Subo1977,unaffiliated/subo1978,Subo1977,niven.freenode.net
MrSmith33,92-244-112-13.kievnet.com.ua,MrSmith33,barjavel.freenode.net
altruth,eth-east-parth2-46-193-64-92.wb.wifirst.net,Altruth,orwell.freenode.net
cameronfr,2604:a880:1:20::1e5:900f,Cameron,karatkievich.freenode.net
matp,80-110-89-237.cgn.dynamic.surfer.at,Matthias,rajaniemi.freenode.net
fqtw_,x590e7ab9.dyn.telefonica.de,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
duke,unaffiliated/dukey,:D,niven.freenode.net
bh,fsf/member/bmh,Brendan Hickey,card.freenode.net
|3b|,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fedf:5b65,bb,rajaniemi.freenode.net
realz,unaffiliated/realazthat,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Japa,103.18.170.188,realname,card.freenode.net
lus,unaffiliated/lus,lus,tepper.freenode.net
contingo,host-92-15-40-225.as43234.net,Textual User,sinisalo.freenode.net
bjz,14-201-215-168.tpgi.com.au,Brendan Zabarauskas,weber.freenode.net
sjl,mobile-out-229-67.siminn.is,sjl,niven.freenode.net
uroboro,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zvtgoclxjhlsbgdh,uroboro,leguin.freenode.net
sknebel,2a01:4f8:201:2382::18,sknebel,adams.freenode.net
mikolalysenko,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zwosrusbpptqjaoe,Mikola Lysenko,karatkievich.freenode.net
arikel_,mx777-1-78-204-248-192.fbx.proxad.net,arikel,sinisalo.freenode.net
zetaPRIME,23.227.183.240,zetaPRIME,wolfe.freenode.net
ocramius,irc.ocrami.us,Marco Pivetta,karatkievich.freenode.net
simensen,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ivwlwqqfuzycdyuq,Beau Simensen,tepper.freenode.net
bado,138.68.16.171,Bado,leguin.freenode.net
p1rate,unaffiliated/p1rate,p1rate,asimov.freenode.net
ezakimak,dominologic.com,IRC User,verne.freenode.net
ThomasRuiz,2001:41d0:1:cbcb::1,Thomas Ruiz,karatkievich.freenode.net
christickner,104.236.45.124,Chris Tickner,hitchcock.freenode.net
xsmalbil,irc.ilovelaravel.com,small bill,barjavel.freenode.net
malukenho,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-trlqmqsxiqstkpbz,Jefersson Nathan de Oliveira Chaves,wilhelm.freenode.net
Jezzeh,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ahmsckuzyuyzypoh,Jez,wilhelm.freenode.net
andrewcassell,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jcbtolkexbertgfs,Andrew Cassell,weber.freenode.net
tmciver,146-115-125-178.c3-0.sth-ubr1.sbo-sth.ma.cable.rcn.com,Tim McIver,leguin.freenode.net
Akii,akii.de,Akii Zedd,verne.freenode.net
MalfaitRobin_,128.199.54.180,Robin Malfait,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Druid_,ip-109-91-48-211.hsi12.unitymediagroup.de,Matthias Breddin,card.freenode.net
davedevelopment,tyrion.atst.io,Dave Marshall,asimov.freenode.net
jsor,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oqrveiktywbwvldd,Jan Sorgalla,adams.freenode.net
gol-1000,unaffiliated/kerozene/bot/gol,gol,wolfe.freenode.net
Mahjong,unaffiliated/mahjong,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
CoJaBo,unaffiliated/cojabo,aztec,adams.freenode.net
andrewhuntley,jerry.seinfeld.co,george costanza,card.freenode.net
Mock_,180-146-25-147f1.kyt1.eonet.ne.jp,Mock_,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ethicsgradient,unaffiliated/quietlyconfident,quietlyconfident,wolfe.freenode.net
gol,unaffiliated/kerozene/bot/gol,report bot issues in ##gol,wolfe.freenode.net
fnord,unaffiliated/fnord,fnord,weber.freenode.net
justache,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wdlvokosrlmnlydz,justache,karatkievich.freenode.net
davidvs_away,162.216.46.163,Textual User,barjavel.freenode.net
Lester_Snickel,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/lestersnickel/x-82318228,LesterSnick,orwell.freenode.net
yso,82.117.250.157,realname,weber.freenode.net
lilCodie,i.am.the.fsociety.guru,lilCodie,niven.freenode.net
torchic_____,i.am.phantas.tk,jus dis gurl, u kno?,niven.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Fortucopia,unaffiliated/fortunedays,wtftho,wilhelm.freenode.net
kerozene,unaffiliated/kerozene,kerozene,card.freenode.net
ProClifo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-geeunhntfmdaxtbi,Steffen Eide,orwell.freenode.net
Spyke,unaffiliated/teebee,Gladwyn,orwell.freenode.net
vassago,gateway/tor-sasl/mythomaniac,Star,zelazny.freenode.net
rsully,unaffiliated/rsully,rsully,orwell.freenode.net
MjrTurkey,azureus/MjrTom,cpe-173-174-73-30.austin.res.rr.com/173.174.73.30,herbert.freenode.net
Sketch,new.rednsx.org,Sketch,barjavel.freenode.net
cranberry,unaffiliated/cromulent,A perfectly cromulent nick,orwell.freenode.net
tomflint,unaffiliated/tomflint,TomFlint,orwell.freenode.net
mouses,unaffiliated/mouses,mooses,leguin.freenode.net
echelon,bzflag/player/echelon,echelon,card.freenode.net
m6lpi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-azuulkiqwuqrhemm,Neil Stone,wilhelm.freenode.net
shymega,2001:ba8:1f1:f082:216:5eff:fe00:45a,shymega,rajaniemi.freenode.net
grifferz,bitfolk.com,Andy Smith,weber.freenode.net
reashlin,cpc3-lee211-2-0-cust212.7-1.cable.virginm.net,reashlin,hitchcock.freenode.net
aptanet,humpback.aptanet.net,Paul Tansom,wilhelm.freenode.net
marxjohnson,host-2-103-30-53.as13285.net,Mark Johnson,tepper.freenode.net
moggers87,2001:ba8:1f1:f27a::1812,Matt Molyneaux,wilhelm.freenode.net
Dave,freenode/staff/dave2,Dave Wickham,hitchcock.freenode.net
xHire,kos.paskuli.cz,xHire,adams.freenode.net
messa,2a02:2b88:2:1::45f4:1,Petr,,,,adams.freenode.net
|miska|,opensuse/member/-miska-,Michal Hrusecky,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Daviey,ubuntu/member/daviey,Dave Walker,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
crb,2607:5300:100:200::1715,freenode,wilhelm.freenode.net
Dominus,unaffiliated/dominus,Dom,tepper.freenode.net
monochrome,198.178.118.201,monochrome,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
SHODAN,fsf/member/shodan,Ralf Lindberg,wolfe.freenode.net
wjp,hmm.wantstofly.org,wjp,verne.freenode.net
exultbot,belar.usecode.org,exultbot,tepper.freenode.net
Dark-Star|Zzz,2a01:238:427f:2f00:3060:fc6b:969e:dcf0,Michael Dr�ing,niven.freenode.net
jerome`,atom.dedwen.info,jerome,weber.freenode.net
i0_,freyja.liqnuks.info,i0,weber.freenode.net
maddingue,spectre.mongueurs.net,Sebastien Aperghis-Tramoni,weber.freenode.net
Clex,195-154-7-183.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Clex,adams.freenode.net
gtk-gnutella-log,vps01.asselman.com,http://www.gtk-gnutella.nl/irc/log,karatkievich.freenode.net
ArneBab_,55d46f67.access.ecotel.net,Quassel IRC User,barjavel.freenode.net
bluemeanie,67.41.198.242,The Blue Meanie,leguin.freenode.net
DalekSec,ubuntu/member/unit193,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
Ci-Dev_,x5f773092.dyn.telefonica.de,Ci Devant,card.freenode.net
ploop,unaffiliated/ruukasu,ploop,barjavel.freenode.net
guruz,amide.woboq.im,Markus Goetz,barjavel.freenode.net
MakeIRCGrtAgain,c-98-214-148-170.hsd1.il.comcast.net,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
rootatlocalhost,port-92-196-2-102.dynamic.qsc.de,foobar,karatkievich.freenode.net
ram,ftp.chram.org,Raphael Manfredi,card.freenode.net
Gaggo,static.222.226.46.78.clients.your-server.de,Gaggo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
halon,2001:41d0:52:800::6b8,halon,wilhelm.freenode.net
mandrake`,static.222.226.46.78.clients.your-server.de,mandrake,verne.freenode.net
jibi,77.42.48.126,Jibi,wilhelm.freenode.net
chap,unaffiliated/chap,chap,asimov.freenode.net
Otacon22,otacon22.it,Daniele,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kim2,195.159.198.100,Kim,karatkievich.freenode.net
rthille-ciena1,67.59.199.241,Robert P. Thille,karatkievich.freenode.net
tklicki,ec2-52-207-226-93.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nobody,verne.freenode.net
pistache,lebib.org,pistache,sinisalo.freenode.net
erethon,snf-637415.vm.okeanos.grnet.gr,erethon,hitchcock.freenode.net
logan-,irc.protiumit.com,logan,karatkievich.freenode.net
typosaurus,mail.edmi.co.nz,typosaurus next,sinisalo.freenode.net
druff,ventrebl.eu,Pierre,orwell.freenode.net
rawtaz,rho.hobbyhotellet.se,Leo R. Lundgren,niven.freenode.net
rchady,184-158-23-47.dyn.centurytel.net,rchady,weber.freenode.net
ganto,84-74-149-144.dclient.hispeed.ch,realname,verne.freenode.net
abadger1999,otoworchard.com,Toshio Kuratomi,adams.freenode.net
drybjed,helios.gumed.edu.pl,drybjed,adams.freenode.net
renard_,cw-svc0.chezwam.org,Vulpes Velox,barjavel.freenode.net
infowolfe,unaffiliated/infowolfe,i'm not your daddy, kid,weber.freenode.net
Polichronucci,193.92.143.226.dsl.dyn.forthnet.gr,polichronucci,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ser,gnu/translator/ser,ser,niven.freenode.net
ikmaak,541F7D85.cm-5-8b.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Ruben-IkMaak,wilhelm.freenode.net
gomez,the.feds.nullrouted.us,gomez,roddenberry.freenode.net
svg,hydargos.ginsys.net,svg,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pierre_bear,bearstech/pierre-bear,pierre,niven.freenode.net
TwoBe_,dagaz.netlab.li,tr,sinisalo.freenode.net
lkannan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mycolzcaxuenzcty,L K,wilhelm.freenode.net
tobias1,django/committer/tobias1,Tobias McNulty,wilhelm.freenode.net
Ssquidly,62-210-99-150.rev.poneytelecom.eu,squidly,asimov.freenode.net
eJunky,2001:638:812:100:7d98:3896:1666:5436,Markus Wigge,leguin.freenode.net
egon0,static.49.92.9.176.clients.your-server.de,egon,niven.freenode.net
azazel,mail.arstecnica.it,Alberto Berti,asimov.freenode.net
yuvadm,yuv.al,yuvadm,weber.freenode.net
jomat,2a02:180:a:62:1::1601,jomat2,wilhelm.freenode.net
okdas,unaffiliated/okdas,okDas,asimov.freenode.net
barraponto,192.241.165.172,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
machty,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vkiuhyjzczcasfud,Alex Matchneer,wilhelm.freenode.net
petn-randall,azuma.rocketjump.eu,petn-randall,kornbluth.freenode.net
_Folken_,2001:470:26:1c2:0:aff:fe15:1e33,Philipp Wollschlegel,karatkievich.freenode.net
glavni_ninja,glavni.ninja,Glavni.Ninja,card.freenode.net
doug2,pool-68-132-194-78.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
ratoder,static.111.19.201.138.clients.your-server.de, Java IRC Bot,adams.freenode.net
debork,ec2-52-90-15-208.compute-1.amazonaws.com,.,card.freenode.net
fewbitbot__,ppv.cryptoanarchic.me,None,niven.freenode.net
klaasvaaak,unaffiliated/klaasvaaak,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
erplis,unaffiliated/erplis,isegrim,wilhelm.freenode.net
t4nk,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-hwtgemdfeighwyag,t4nk,adams.freenode.net
Dr-G,unaffiliated/dr-g,Dr-G,wilhelm.freenode.net
f_tick,c83-250-44-242.bredband.comhem.se,Got Slack?,adams.freenode.net
Piper-Off,2a03:b0c0:1:d0::d0:b001,P4rtyV4n,niven.freenode.net
boing,host-92-4-14-214.as43234.net,boing__,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Evel-Knievel,d5152f744.static.telenet.be,Evel-Knievel,adams.freenode.net
saintromuald__,dynamic-acs-24-239-99-170.zoominternet.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
ithicad,8.12.28.87,ithicad,sinisalo.freenode.net
parasite,mar75-4-82-230-46-11.fbx.proxad.net,parasite,tepper.freenode.net
Cory,unaffiliated/cory,...,sinisalo.freenode.net
ppv,unaffiliated/ppvkignx,Anonymous,karatkievich.freenode.net
LingLi,2604:a880:800:10::1df:d001,LingLi,karatkievich.freenode.net
pelegreno___,107.170.175.57,cinch,niven.freenode.net
trixisowned,unaffiliated/trixisowned,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
watamuni,unaffiliated/watamuni,realname,card.freenode.net
m4rCsi,helo.marcsi.ch,m4rCsi,orwell.freenode.net
Cthulhux`,piratenpartei/ni/tux,Rosa Elefant,weber.freenode.net
honkfestival,159.203.58.55,freebsd,asimov.freenode.net
adlai,unaffiliated/adlai,adlai,hitchcock.freenode.net
_whitelogger,uruz.whitequark.org,whitequark's logger bot,wolfe.freenode.net
vudentz,bombadil.infradead.org,Luiz Augusto von Dentz,karatkievich.freenode.net
p1ra,162.243.111.251,p1ra,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tiagofalcao,192.81.213.151,Falcao",karatkievich.freenode.net
vcgomes,littlechina.org,Vinicius Gomes,weber.freenode.net
ceolin[AWAY],104.131.238.250,Flavio Ceolin,asimov.freenode.net
dieb,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pnsrelqyyynpsbdc,Andre Dieb,wilhelm.freenode.net
zkis_,87-93-77-11.bb.dnainternet.fi,Zoltan Kis,karatkievich.freenode.net
k-s,enlightenment/developer/k-s,Gustavo Sverzut Barbieri,barjavel.freenode.net
Sachiel,enlightenment/developer/Sachiel,Iván Briano,wolfe.freenode.net
lstrano_,162.243.208.80,Luis Felipe Strano Moraes,adams.freenode.net
pbrobinson,dozer.roving-it.com,PBRobinson,niven.freenode.net
acidx,hadron.lhc.net.br,Leandro Pereira,barjavel.freenode.net
babu_,nat/intel/x-drksdcvdpxjlofys,Sudarsana Nagineni,barjavel.freenode.net
Gaz,wikia/Gaz-Lloyd,Gaz,niven.freenode.net
Immo,unaffiliated/immolation,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sapphirus,chunkylynx.azorium.net,Sapphirus,weber.freenode.net
tekacs,tekacs.com,Amar Sood,hitchcock.freenode.net
ThePsionic,wikia/ThePsionic,ThePsionic,asimov.freenode.net
arble,unaffiliated/megistos,bill,asimov.freenode.net
tybot_os,wikia/TyBot,tybot_os,orwell.freenode.net
APexil,unaffiliated/apexil,me,leguin.freenode.net
WereSquirrel,trivialand/staff/toagac,Heidi,niven.freenode.net
Panjy16,pool-165-230-224-173.nat.rutgers.edu,realname,adams.freenode.net
Nebuleon,unaffiliated/nebuleon,Nebuleon Fumika,sinisalo.freenode.net
KindOne,freenude/topless/kindone,...,leguin.freenode.net
Nemaster2,S0106c8fb26553cee.mh.shawcable.net,Nemaster,wilhelm.freenode.net
snowden891,runicnet.ninja,snowden89,asimov.freenode.net
waifu,wikia/vstf/TyA,Ty,adams.freenode.net
michagogo,wikia/Michagogo,Micha,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
kerri,april-fools/2014/second/cute.furry,furry,sinisalo.freenode.net
Lashazior,24.89.57.132,realname,tepper.freenode.net
Joelthefrog1_,unaffiliated/joelthefrog1,New Now Know How,hitchcock.freenode.net
bad_fetus,wikia/Chessmaster,bad_fetus,card.freenode.net
Taylor,unaffiliated/taylor,Taylor,barjavel.freenode.net
Suga_H,75-128-126-85.dhcp.aldl.mi.charter.com,H,hitchcock.freenode.net
Logg,76.72.182.187,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
NeverTired,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gzjmferqpzagcsmj,John A.,niven.freenode.net
ecks,wookieepedia/administrator/pdpc.active.ecks,ecks,kornbluth.freenode.net
RuneScript,nebulae-v4-09.bot.rscript.org,RuneScript [TH],wolfe.freenode.net
Sabrink,that.ass.g-lined.us,Sabrink,rajaniemi.freenode.net
SigmaWP,Wikipedia/Lowercase-Sigma,Not a dog.,tepper.freenode.net
musictau,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-htevprikybxtxkjq,R,adams.freenode.net
StrawberryJelly,216.228.47.117,...,tepper.freenode.net
Rotab,2001:2002:4e47:9822:589b:69de:5531:b9db,Rotab,leguin.freenode.net
Mr_Sheesh,unaffiliated/mr-sheesh/x-0757054,M,card.freenode.net
tybot,wikia/TyBot,tybot,niven.freenode.net
Black_Coyote,neo.mcmonkey.org,BlackCoyote,karatkievich.freenode.net
anosh,unaffiliated/anosh,Anosh,barjavel.freenode.net
Aeriana,i.love.kittehs.quasarnet.org,K.Cat,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
FastLizard4,wikipedia/pdpc.active.FastLizard4,Doing what I must, because I can.  For science.  Y,orwell.freenode.net
HelixFossil,wikipedia/FastLizard4/bot/LizardBot-1,LizardBot for PHP v7.3.0.0b - http://fastlizard4.o,wilhelm.freenode.net
robertf,ottmar.fredericrobert.be,Frederic Robert,adams.freenode.net
Cadmos,5.196.88.69,The Wonderful Elephant From Outer Space,wolfe.freenode.net
asthro,ns369520.ip-94-23-46.eu,asthro,verne.freenode.net
Natir,2a01:cb15:804c:cd00:222:4dff:fe7e:d832,No,leguin.freenode.net
rage,hel59-6-78-242-58-11.fbx.proxad.net,nicolas,wilhelm.freenode.net
pinaraf,host.pinaraf.info,Pierre Ducroquet,wilhelm.freenode.net
Deleterios,pdpc/supporter/student/deleterios,Deleterios,barjavel.freenode.net
Bezleputh,hel59-h01-31-33-239-149.dsl.sta.abo.bbox.fr,benjamin,niven.freenode.net
myckeul,212.129.35.31,Myckeul,wolfe.freenode.net
hacky,helios.si7v.fr,Pierre Tourbeaux,verne.freenode.net
freelikegnu,freelikegnu.org,francisco,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
xenodora,150.101.97.121,Xenodora,wolfe.freenode.net
Pawlac,5.158.152.119,Pawlac,barjavel.freenode.net
MeanderingCode,palantir.aetherislands.net,MeanderingCode,card.freenode.net
pipeep,2605:6400:10:a15d:ca7:ea75:b12d:dead,pipeep,karatkievich.freenode.net
koanhead,173.85.213.6,purple,karatkievich.freenode.net
disintermediated,2604:880:a:5::e02,disintermediated,niven.freenode.net
macker,unaffiliated/macker,macker,leguin.freenode.net
ryanpcmcquen,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-poxycdyxohxurphu,Ryan P.C. McQuen,wolfe.freenode.net
vivid,unaffiliated/vivid,realname,leguin.freenode.net
auviga,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ggtrxaebcdjzfrag,auviga,leguin.freenode.net
hemite,unaffiliated/hemite,hemite,asimov.freenode.net
Salt,s3rve.com,Salt,adams.freenode.net
cxreg,62.f9.1243.static.theplanet.com,Dave O,weber.freenode.net
thefinn93,unaffiliated/thefinn93,finn,sinisalo.freenode.net
s201,50.46.224.68,realname,leguin.freenode.net
tjm,jew.gold,ninex,orwell.freenode.net
phroa,173.254.236.155,phroa,karatkievich.freenode.net
mjevans,li984-246.members.linode.com,mjevans,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
kormoc,mythtv/developer/kormoc,Rob Smith,karatkievich.freenode.net
borsin,unaffiliated/borsin,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
ohama,cicolina.org,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
niles,104.223.59.77,Niles Rogoff,adams.freenode.net
godane,c-24-62-246-85.hsd1.nh.comcast.net,purple,tepper.freenode.net
balkamos,unaffiliated/motley,balkamos,sinisalo.freenode.net
x0908d3b2,2605:ea00:1:1::fc81:29c0,godaxen,wolfe.freenode.net
DalekSec,ubuntu/member/unit193,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
debris`,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-ppprehxmzvjklind,debris,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Erkan_Yilmaz,wikimedia/Erkan-Yilmaz,Erkan Yilmaz,hitchcock.freenode.net
dcosnet,c-73-149-169-51.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,dc os net,leguin.freenode.net
Elyni|AFK,2001:41d0:1:c41d::1,Christopher CERCAS,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kamilion,botters/Kamilion,I am kamilion. But you knew that, didn't you.,asimov.freenode.net
nitro2k01,localhosted.net,You'd like to know, don't you...,tepper.freenode.net
urjaman,unaffiliated/urjaman,Urja,adams.freenode.net
flashrom_bot,212.236.11.203,GOZERBOT,wolfe.freenode.net
roxfan,35.207-67-87.adsl-dyn.isp.belgacom.be,roxfan,niven.freenode.net
flyback,c-73-154-9-168.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Alcest,69.64.40.177,Ecailles de lune,leguin.freenode.net
blahdodo,69.172.164.248,Peter Pickford,verne.freenode.net
Guest28144,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fbmaqdgrqxvfrejj,haykuro,wolfe.freenode.net
igitoor,unaffiliated/contempt,igitur,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Sisco_,unaffiliated/sisco/x-4156292,Sisco,karatkievich.freenode.net
uwe_,ipservice-092-217-109-029.092.217.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Uwe Hermann,card.freenode.net
ParkerR,unaffiliated/parkerr,ParkerR,adams.freenode.net
Diyode-Quassel,vps.azend.org,Diyode HQ,tepper.freenode.net
cure,fsf/emeritus/wardv,Ward Vandewege,weber.freenode.net
vfgemrqc,li748-30.members.linode.com,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
CruX|,mcw.student.utc.sk,jozo,orwell.freenode.net
pastels,192.241.179.138,HACTAR\ankeet,karatkievich.freenode.net
dan-,freenode/corporate-sponsor/privateinternetaccess.com/doaks,Nyan nyan,sinisalo.freenode.net
hanetzer,unaffiliated/ntzrmtthihu777,netz,niven.freenode.net
jn__,ip-176-198-213-92.hsi05.unitymediagroup.de,Nope.,karatkievich.freenode.net
satori_,dicerion.neg9.org,We are making an enemy of our own future..,orwell.freenode.net
APic,apic.name,A. Pic. - my name since YOLD 3149,card.freenode.net
fafb,win.larma.de,fafb,card.freenode.net
ruskie,sourcemage/mage/ruskie,ruskie,adams.freenode.net
hatim,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ijhdhigyzwhlgfng,Hatim Kanchwala,niven.freenode.net
rah,verain.settrans.net,Bob Ham,rajaniemi.freenode.net
fdcx,ceata/consiliu/FDCX,Cornel-Florentin Dimitriu,orwell.freenode.net
freddy_,host8-2.natpool.mwn.de,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
jethrofloyd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fauiagktyupekqik,Ritobroto,leguin.freenode.net
rvalles,unaffiliated/rvalles,rvalles,adams.freenode.net
georgem,216-21-169-52.slc.googlefiber.net,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
ohsix,67.204.153.38,Chief Crooked Boner,orwell.freenode.net
Taylor,unaffiliated/taylor,Taylor,barjavel.freenode.net
debris`,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-ppprehxmzvjklind,debris,adams.freenode.net
lynxis,unaffiliated/lynxis,lynxis lazus,verne.freenode.net
mirage335,64.79.53.118,mirage335,wolfe.freenode.net
xerent,compose.lokalen.org,Svante,card.freenode.net
eightdot,customer-212-084-140-031.solcon.nl,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
uwe_mobile,static.173.76.9.176.clients.your-server.de,uwe,weber.freenode.net
jakllsch,netbsd/developer/jakllsch,Jonathan A. Kollasch,hitchcock.freenode.net
nnnn20430,lightning.bouncer.ml,nnnn,adams.freenode.net
jzaw,loki.dzki.co.uk,Jeremi,leguin.freenode.net
PaulePanter,mail.gw90.de,Paul Menzel,card.freenode.net
puckipedia,puckipedia.com,:P,hitchcock.freenode.net
nickle,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pbqdgwbtlfwbnfga,Nick,wilhelm.freenode.net
ggherdov`__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kihzplutqrpubrwv,Giovanni Gherdovich,wolfe.freenode.net
dimaursu16,ceata/voluntar/dimaursu16,Dumitru Ursu,weber.freenode.net
xSmurf,gateway/vpn/mullvad/x-ywgkgxhrvwifnpmw,Murf,karatkievich.freenode.net
stefanct,unaffiliated/stefanct,stefanct,orwell.freenode.net
cc___,2001:910:113f:1:6a05:caff:fe1c:1627,ac,sinisalo.freenode.net
knttl,dyndsl-091-096-180-198.ewe-ip-backbone.de,knttl,leguin.freenode.net
wdl,cpe-24-242-88-36.austin.res.rr.com,...,leguin.freenode.net
dashcloud_,pool-96-227-98-117.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,dashcloud,leguin.freenode.net
trenn,nat/novell/x-ajnxfexsjvytqwjj,Thomas Renninger,karatkievich.freenode.net
avph,d8D86483E.access.telenet.be,Arthur Heymans,wilhelm.freenode.net
MindlessDrone,unaffiliated/mindlessdrone,MindlessDrone,sinisalo.freenode.net
zapb_,static.61.224.47.78.clients.your-server.de,zapb,karatkievich.freenode.net
cbmuser,zlogin1.physik.fu-berlin.de,glaubitz,weber.freenode.net
CyberJacob,bouncer.bluesapphiremedia.co.uk,Jacob Mansfield,verne.freenode.net
CrashSerious,bnc.vintagegamesystems.com,Crash,asimov.freenode.net
idl0r,gentoo/developer/idl0r,Christian Ruppert,niven.freenode.net
minipli,natty.ld-linux.so,Mathias Krause,hitchcock.freenode.net
icon,b2b-130-180-109-134.unitymedia.biz,Nico Huber,tepper.freenode.net
vita_cell,159.85-85-53.dynamic.clientes.euskaltel.es,realname,adams.freenode.net
ploop,unaffiliated/ruukasu,ploop,barjavel.freenode.net
rodgort,68.ip-149-56-14.net,rodgort,card.freenode.net
zaolin,lunarius.fe80.eu,zaolin,adams.freenode.net
Olipro,uncyclopedia/pdpc.21for7.olipro,Olipro,adams.freenode.net
quinward,user183.c4.hrastnik.kabelnet.net,Defiant,verne.freenode.net
smartin,207.ip-37-59-126.eu,Samuel Martin,karatkievich.freenode.net
Lcaracol,unaffiliated/lcaracol,dreeepc,,,,orwell.freenode.net
Weasel_,a91-154-208-175.elisa-laajakaista.fi,Kimmo Vuorinen,tepper.freenode.net
norwich,p5DD7C467.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Werner,weber.freenode.net
martinr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ngtwvdxbiyykvpvt,Martin Roth,niven.freenode.net
GatoLoko,85.137.138.134.dyn.user.ono.com,Raúl Soriano,rajaniemi.freenode.net
abruanese,45.63.76.107,not bob,weber.freenode.net
mindw0rk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tvkqgylhkxfrbpjv,Karolis Stasaitis,adams.freenode.net
Gm4n,unaffiliated/gm4n,Gm4n,asimov.freenode.net
mrtadis,vi.k.slotkus.lt,Tadas Slotkus,wilhelm.freenode.net
Redford,motherland.i.dragonsector.pl,Michał Kowalczyk,asimov.freenode.net
Burgundy,5-12-92-49.residential.rdsnet.ro,Burgundy,verne.freenode.net
cyrozap,2604:180:2:69f::45de,cyrozap,wilhelm.freenode.net
cosm,cspc154.cs.man.ac.uk,cosm,tepper.freenode.net
hv9,server1.drup1.net,Vin.,hitchcock.freenode.net
carldani,2001:470:9f5b::2,Carl-Daniel Hailfinger,niven.freenode.net
ark`,2001:41d0:1:d091::1,ark,karatkievich.freenode.net
leio,gentoo/developer/leio,Mart Raudsepp,sinisalo.freenode.net
kmicu,176.56.237.191,kmicu,wilhelm.freenode.net
phcoder,2a02:120b:2c2d:f7f0:208:9bff:fec0:435e,phcoder,niven.freenode.net
jaagr,unaffiliated/jaagr,jaagr,tepper.freenode.net
PMT,pool-96-239-110-82.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,PMT,hitchcock.freenode.net
mrnuke,c-98-197-2-30.hsd1.tx.comcast.net,mrnuke,wolfe.freenode.net
dhendrix,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nktaoavrdfqwtxcg,David Hendricks,wolfe.freenode.net
phcoder-screen,2a02:120b:2c2d:f7f0:208:9bff:fec0:435e,phcoder-screen,niven.freenode.net
dhylands,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xdrieqvbovmailln,Dave Hylands,adams.freenode.net
russw,bas1-ottawa01-70-26-36-173.dsl.bell.ca,Russell Warren,leguin.freenode.net
Nomadiq,c-24-60-200-6.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,pi,verne.freenode.net
bencorn,c-73-157-142-128.hsd1.or.comcast.net,ben,leguin.freenode.net
wingman2,web.innestech.net,andrew innes,orwell.freenode.net
c45713,uvo.no,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
ritger,gateway/tor-sasl/ritger,ritger,zelazny.freenode.net
daker,ubuntu/member/daker,Adnane,weber.freenode.net
Lysenko__,host109-155-53-20.range109-155.btcentralplus.com,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
deshipu,moinmoin/developer/radomir,Radomir Dopieralski,tepper.freenode.net
kushal,fedora/kushal,Kushal Das,asimov.freenode.net
jontyw,jonty.co.uk,Jonty Wareing,rajaniemi.freenode.net
flypps,v37187.1blu.de,,orwell.freenode.net
revere,unaffiliated/revere,revere,barjavel.freenode.net
ObsidianX,108.170.8.182,Ryan,karatkievich.freenode.net
LWK,pdpc/supporter/student/lwk,@dpslwk,niven.freenode.net
gmorell_,85-250-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,gmorell,wolfe.freenode.net
ARMWorksiMac1,c-67-183-98-6.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,Charles Springer,barjavel.freenode.net
falstaff,223.42.150.83.ftth.as8758.net,Stefan Agner,asimov.freenode.net
verm__,unaffiliated/verm/x-5562264,pan galactic gargleblaster,asimov.freenode.net
eldios,adsl203-159-217.mclink.it,Lele - eldios,adams.freenode.net
XorXaX,c-7f5fe655.020-498-73746f39.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,Jonas Lorander,weber.freenode.net
Andy80,ubuntu/member/andy80,Andrea Grandi,adams.freenode.net
ski7777,2002:5f58:c602:0:211:32ff:fe04:f103,Raphael Jacob,rajaniemi.freenode.net
arekm,pld-linux/arekm,Arkadiusz Miskiewicz,orwell.freenode.net
topi`,kaverit.org,Topi Kanerva,wolfe.freenode.net
shenki,ozlabs.org,Joel Stanley,card.freenode.net
s-hell,tonatiuh.pc-spinnt.de,s-hell,verne.freenode.net
tehfink,78.84.177.134,tehfink,karatkievich.freenode.net
ScrumpyJack,st.ilet.to,Jack,barjavel.freenode.net
tmbinc___,83.141.3.34,Unknown,card.freenode.net
jglf,jlefoll.xen.prgmr.com,jglf,wolfe.freenode.net
rambo_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-aogblwxrrckunnkm,Eero af Heurlin,wolfe.freenode.net
hughrawlinson,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ywnsejwjocsrhwzj,codeoclock,wilhelm.freenode.net
prologic,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lemuiyjwmurxddaf,James Mills,adams.freenode.net
mattbrejza,kryten.hexoc.com,Matt Brejza,verne.freenode.net
tralamazza,0x2c.org,Daniel Tralamazza,wilhelm.freenode.net
magopian,gateway/web/mozilla/x-fywmefjeixwaepis,Mathieu Agopian,karatkievich.freenode.net
Ivoah,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ektfwvkrxvjppkpm,Noah Rosamilia,rajaniemi.freenode.net
HeMan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yxrazurhfbtisgaw,Jimmy Hedman,wilhelm.freenode.net
bjorn`,188.226.136.161,DISREGARD THE CONSTABULARY,niven.freenode.net
flypps_,c035.cyan.servdiscount-customer.com,Flypps,sinisalo.freenode.net
dwight,li163-68.members.linode.com,Dwight Hubbard,,,,karatkievich.freenode.net
drawkula,p4FC13032.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Rufus T. Firefly-Monroe,orwell.freenode.net
mikru,gateway/shell/firrre/x-hlfhruqxkasqietg,mjkillough,adams.freenode.net
drrk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cfsyabjnlsvvtwol,Kimball Johnson,wilhelm.freenode.net
sfabris,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fwayrjfvmfrqtyge,Sfabris,adams.freenode.net
jrobeson,unaffiliated/johnny22,johnny,asimov.freenode.net
gjm,unaffiliated/gjm,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
danielinux,fosdem/staff/danielinux,Daniele Lacamera,wilhelm.freenode.net
mjl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zbbfafankwoycuaz,mjl,hitchcock.freenode.net
dhubbard,69.147.100.12,Dwight Hubbard,niven.freenode.net
gug9sch,mail.gug9sch.xyz,gug9sch,weber.freenode.net
kragniz,nyaa.kragniz.eu,kragniz,asimov.freenode.net
allegary,apache/committer/gjm,Gary Martin,barjavel.freenode.net
inglesp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xcwxlzdeopigadnu,Peter Inglesby,orwell.freenode.net
D0han,unaffiliated/d0han,D0han,card.freenode.net
Khyrtsi,dsl-tkubrasgw1-54fa39-133.dhcp.inet.fi,realname,weber.freenode.net
webmeister,unaffiliated/webmeister,webmeister,wilhelm.freenode.net
MatthewWilkes,thedistillery.eu,Matthew Wilkes,rajaniemi.freenode.net
hive-mind,67.53.153.59,hivemind,karatkievich.freenode.net
donpillou,usve8041.vserver.de,donpillou,barjavel.freenode.net
vinzzz,90.85.137.77,Vincent BRACH,hitchcock.freenode.net
jxv,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-swxvmwsftoslziha,jxv,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
fser,ks3367196.kimsufi.com,fser,karatkievich.freenode.net
FozzWorth,76.102.107.84,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
tumdedum,unaffiliated/espiral,tum-de-dum,card.freenode.net
merlincorey,sm.ok.es.nu.gs,merlin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Geheim49|CVO,2a0b:b600:0:1::b,Geheim49,adams.freenode.net
marlinc,1.0.0.127.13.204.167.185.in-addr.arpa,Marlinc,adams.freenode.net
Martin`,shell.ipv6.octocore.net,Martin,leguin.freenode.net
Schoentoon,unaffiliated/schoentoon,Schoentoon,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
ab0tj,its.a.hobotrap.com,ab0tj,adams.freenode.net
napkinjones_____,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pnpyuuzxobigyyus,NapkinJones,adams.freenode.net
sl3dge__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ogffvsqjvlhhsuyr,steve,karatkievich.freenode.net
Philantrop,exherbo/developer/philantrop,Wulf C. Krueger,niven.freenode.net
t4bs,59.167.103.29,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
lu_zero,gentoo/developer/lu-zero,lu_zero,verne.freenode.net
devurandom,irc.kynes.de,Dennis Schridde,niven.freenode.net
den4ix_,host7335.net-city.net,Denis Romanchuk,rajaniemi.freenode.net
floppym,gentoo/developer/floppym,Mike Gilbert,adams.freenode.net
cantstanya,unaffiliated/cantstanya,chatting,wolfe.freenode.net
zlin,exherbo/developer/zlin,Bo Ørsted Andresen,niven.freenode.net
austin987,cpe-72-182-39-163.austin.res.rr.com,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
fuzzyray,gentoo/developer/FuzzyRay,fuzzyray,sinisalo.freenode.net
dol-sen,gentoo/developer/dol-sen,Brian Dolbec,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ArneBab_,55d46f67.access.ecotel.net,Quassel IRC User,barjavel.freenode.net
jauhien,gentoo/developer/jauhien,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
zmedico,gentoo/developer/zmedico,Zac Medico,rajaniemi.freenode.net
genpaku,107.191.100.185,genpaku,asimov.freenode.net
mgorny,gentoo/developer/mgorny,Micha? G�rny,weber.freenode.net
gibot,gentoo/developer/agaffney/bot/gibot,agaffney's bot,barjavel.freenode.net
jmbsvicetto,gentoo/developer/jmbsvicetto,Jorge Manuel B. S. Vicetto,wilhelm.freenode.net
xiaomiao,gentoo/developer/bonsaikitten,Patrick Lauer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
chutzpah,gentoo/developer/chutzpah,chutz,wolfe.freenode.net
Dakora,2001:470:b:141::10,Dakora Baer,karatkievich.freenode.net
jeppech,i.know.h4x.sh,jeppech,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Nicd-,2001:bc8:2082:100:1:5ee:dead:c0de,Mössö Urhoollinen,adams.freenode.net
book`_,68.ip-149-56-14.net,book,wolfe.freenode.net
johu,gentoo/developer/johu,Johannes Huber,hitchcock.freenode.net
ufoman,zorz.info,Michal Ostrowski,wolfe.freenode.net
einar77,kde/forum/einar,Luca Beltrame,adams.freenode.net
dvratil,gateway/shell/kde/x-vnqwbhembxjbpaby,Daniel Vrátil,verne.freenode.net
mbriza,81-35.hukot.net,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
afiestas,gateway/shell/kde/x-zaukppppwlibtqrf,Àlex Fiestas,adams.freenode.net
bcooksley-away,kde/bcooksley,Ben Cooksley,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nowrep,kde/developer/drosca,David Rosca,barjavel.freenode.net
csslayer,unaffiliated/csslayer,xuetianweng,wilhelm.freenode.net
neoclust,mageia.lecureuil.fr,Nicolas Lécureuil,barjavel.freenode.net
dantti,200.204.2.138,Daniel Nicoletti,asimov.freenode.net
svuorela,kde/sune,Sune Vuorela,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
tittiatcoke,opensuse/member/tittiatcoke,Raymond Wooninck,hitchcock.freenode.net
mjblack,znc.nims.io,Matthew J Black,orwell.freenode.net
odyssey4me,2001:4802:7800:1:be76:4eff:fe20:f541,Jesse P,wilhelm.freenode.net
freerunner,frostman.ru,Victor Ryzhenkin,rajaniemi.freenode.net
johnthetubaguy,2a00:1a48:7807:102:580a:904d:ff08:44e7,John Garbutt,sinisalo.freenode.net
trown|outtypewww,nat/redhat/x-paaocidvtpualfen,John Trowbridge,wolfe.freenode.net
tonyb,119.9.40.82,Tony Breeds,weber.freenode.net
johnsom,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mxsfhpbjchcrlhse,Michael Johnson,adams.freenode.net
dhellmann,2607:f298:5:101d:f816:3eff:feeb:310d,Doug Hellmann,karatkievich.freenode.net
SergeyLukjanov,frostman.ru,Sergey Lukjanov,asimov.freenode.net
mugsie,unaffiliated/mugsie,mugsie,tepper.freenode.net
Guest66666,nyaa.kragniz.eu,nyaa,weber.freenode.net
kozhukalov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-niilpimbtnhglnpb,Vladimir Kozhukalov,hitchcock.freenode.net
abadger1999,otoworchard.com,Toshio Kuratomi,adams.freenode.net
igorbelikov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lkdrxxgtlxdryjyj,Igor Belikov,adams.freenode.net
vern,2607:f298:6050:cf27:f816:3eff:fe0d:90fe,vern,wolfe.freenode.net
dasanind_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hlhrswbjlxozirie,Anindita,niven.freenode.net
sigmavirus,unaffiliated/sigmavirus24,Ian,hitchcock.freenode.net
jhesketh,2401:1801:7801:103:be76:4eff:fe18:1053,Joshua Hesketh,roddenberry.freenode.net
hyakuhei,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-sltcuxttarjshknr,hyakuhei,leguin.freenode.net
devananda,f3.ab.c0ad.ip4.static.sl-reverse.com,deva,barjavel.freenode.net
jeblair,eureka.lemoncheese.net,James E. Blair,adams.freenode.net
mugsie_,unaffiliated/mugsie,Graham Hayes,wolfe.freenode.net
abramley,ec2-54-236-114-14.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Andrew Bramley,card.freenode.net
stevebaker,nat/redhat/x-lsqbmdfacflojkjv,Steve Baker,asimov.freenode.net
dougshelley66,ec2-54-236-114-14.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Doug Shelley,niven.freenode.net
myoung|pto,nat/redhat/x-hqnmyeuyzodnrsfa,Matt Young,barjavel.freenode.net
stevemar,e4.fd.7a9f.ip4.static.sl-reverse.com,Got ZNC?,karatkievich.freenode.net
sjmc7,52.175.216.168,Steve Mc,tepper.freenode.net
melwitt,2604:a880:1:20::519:1001,melanie witt,adams.freenode.net
EmilienM,unaffiliated/emilienm,Emilien Macchi,wolfe.freenode.net
kong,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qsfuvzthchzofbgc,Lingxian Kong,wilhelm.freenode.net
smcginnis,13.89.56.50,Sean McGinnis,barjavel.freenode.net
samueldmq,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bxwghztkzjiuruzg,Samuel de Medeiros Queiroz,wilhelm.freenode.net
openstack,openstack/openstack,openstack,tepper.freenode.net
pshedimb,172.99.106.124,Prudhvi Rao Shedimbi,asimov.freenode.net
clarkb,162.209.8.67,clarkb,asimov.freenode.net
redrobot,104.130.30.98,Douglas Mendizábal,adams.freenode.net
jgriffith,159.203.111.103,"John Griffith",weber.freenode.net
ianychoi,118.46.26.190,Ian Y. Choi,wilhelm.freenode.net
andreaf,ec2-54-229-192-115.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Andrea Frittoli,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tbarron,2604:a880:800:10::769:d001,Tom Barron,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jrist,redhat/jrist,Jason Rist,adams.freenode.net
jlvill-travel,104.131.128.135,John L. Villalovos,asimov.freenode.net
mattoliverau,2401:1801:7800:101:be76:4eff:fe18:2d41,Matthew Oliver,karatkievich.freenode.net
Daviey,ubuntu/member/daviey,Dave Walker,karatkievich.freenode.net
kencjohnston,192.237.188.108,Kenny Johnston,hitchcock.freenode.net
sslypushenko_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zqtwkkjgltjtynsr,sslypushenko,adams.freenode.net
rakhmerov,91.218.144.129,Renat Akhmerov,leguin.freenode.net
mtreinish,pool-96-249-210-185.pghkny.fios.verizon.net,Matthew Treinish,tepper.freenode.net
mordred,openstack/mtaylor,mordred,adams.freenode.net
kzaitsev_ws,91.218.144.129,Kirill Zaitsev,hitchcock.freenode.net
dstanek,2001:4801:7824:104:ff4c:ee8d:ff11:72f0,david stanek,adams.freenode.net
ajo,nat/redhat/x-genfcacusaxhhaby,Miguel Angel Ajo,tepper.freenode.net
zigo,gplhost-3-pt.tunnel.tserv18.fra1.ipv6.he.net,Thomas Goirand,,,,rajaniemi.freenode.net
BobBall_AWOL,185.25.67.249,Bob Ball,wolfe.freenode.net
v12aml,bnc.v12aml.ru,Denis,weber.freenode.net
coreycb,104.236.15.58,Corey Bryant,verne.freenode.net
superdan,odyssey.danplanet.com,Dan Smith,weber.freenode.net
fungi,cthulhu.yuggoth.org,Jeremy Stanley,niven.freenode.net
kragniz,nyaa.kragniz.eu,kragniz,asimov.freenode.net
zhenguo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lmtdbcxuxqizpidt,Zhenguo,wilhelm.freenode.net
esmiurium,45.63.76.107,Page Closed,karatkievich.freenode.net
onovy,wikipedia/onovy,Ondřej Nový,niven.freenode.net
ashtokolov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qjwqvvycvvspiiub,Alexey Shtokolov,adams.freenode.net
sripriya,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dswbjdhystorzszw,Sripriya,wolfe.freenode.net
huats,ubuntu/member/huats,Christophe Sauthier,asimov.freenode.net
lucas-afk,nat/redhat/x-jwldylrgibnjofem,Lucas Alvares Gomes,wilhelm.freenode.net
r1chardj0n3s,pyglet.org,Richard Jones,asimov.freenode.net
sridhar_ram,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ygzqneibbmglwrwf,Sridhar Ramaswamy,wilhelm.freenode.net
anteaya,tatooine.princessleia.com,anteaya,karatkievich.freenode.net
vgridnev,176.74.218.106,Gridnev",asimov.freenode.net
SlickNik,71-212-76-228.tukw.qwest.net,Nikhil,barjavel.freenode.net
greghaynes,irc.greghaynes.cloud,Gregory Haynes,barjavel.freenode.net
zul,CPEa84e3f422493-CMa84e3f422490.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,chuck,adams.freenode.net
slashme,104.40.208.116,slashme,karatkievich.freenode.net
evrardjp,104.130.231.135,evrardjp,wolfe.freenode.net
timburke,198.101.223.227,Tim Burke,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
markmcclain,2607:f298:6050:eb8f:f816:3eff:fe38:5f3f,Mark McClain,karatkievich.freenode.net
bauzas,dom38-2-88-179-44-181.fbx.proxad.net,Sylvain Bauza,barjavel.freenode.net
dougwig,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zegjxqxuxgruildc,Doug Wiegley,adams.freenode.net
slagle,nat/redhat/x-rwvacwdsuqylawim,James Slagle,sinisalo.freenode.net
dtroyer,2001:4800:7812:514:edb0:8c10:ff05:27c2,Dean Troyer,adams.freenode.net
bswartz,98.122.139.152,purple,karatkievich.freenode.net
lifeless,122-57-100-209.jetstream.xtra.co.nz,Robert Collins,adams.freenode.net
jd__,prometheus.naquadah.org,Julien Danjou,asimov.freenode.net
amrith,ec2-184-72-250-112.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Amrith Kumar,orwell.freenode.net
sileht,gizmo.sileht.net,Mehdi Abaakouk,card.freenode.net
breton,95.46.199.70,Boris Bobrov,adams.freenode.net
openstackstatus,eavesdrop.openstack.org,openstackstatus,tepper.freenode.net
mwhahaha,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nkicgkrshbhvgxhd,Alex S,adams.freenode.net
mburned,nat/redhat/x-nzdyitinhoyrniub,Mike Burns,rajaniemi.freenode.net
TravT,c-107-2-143-217.hsd1.co.comcast.net,Travis Tripp,karatkievich.freenode.net
basilAB,2001:558:fc0a:100:f816:3eff:fef5:ae2e,bbaby000,sinisalo.freenode.net
witek,gateway/web/freenode/ip.87.138.196.233,p578ac4e9.dip0.t-ipconnect.de/87.138.196.233,herbert.freenode.net
dasm,ec2-52-28-98-22.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Dariusz Smigiel,weber.freenode.net
Jeffrey4l,120.11.164.53,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
openstackgerrit,review.openstack.org,openstackgerrit,card.freenode.net
Qiming,106.38.0.72,Qiming Teng,wolfe.freenode.net
peterstac,ec2-54-236-114-14.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Peter Stachowski,niven.freenode.net
dims,c-71-192-249-191.hsd1.ma.comcast.net,Davanum Srinivas,orwell.freenode.net
oomichi,FL1-122-135-42-171.tky.mesh.ad.jp,Ken'ichi Ohmichi,adams.freenode.net
andymccr,2a00:1a48:7807:102:be76:4eff:fe08:250c,AndyMc,niven.freenode.net
thingee,ip-173-236-253-123.nodes.dreamcompute.net,Mike Perez,wilhelm.freenode.net
weshay,nat/redhat/x-vgcbroyurekfrnjr,wes hayutin,adams.freenode.net
acabot,154.43.32.126,antoine cabot,hitchcock.freenode.net
sheeprine,unaffiliated/sheeprine,Stephane Albert,weber.freenode.net
ianw,li15-179.members.linode.com,Ian Wienand,card.freenode.net
HenryG,180.ip-158-69-198.net,Henry Gessau,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pleia2,your.worshipfulness.princessleia.com,Elizabeth K. Joseph,niven.freenode.net
nikhil,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-isdrethpnwykxrcs,Nikhil Komawar,adams.freenode.net
flaper87,unaffiliated/flaper87,Flavio Percoco,verne.freenode.net
mugsie|alt,unaffiliated/mugsie,root,wolfe.freenode.net
dtantsur|afk,nat/redhat/x-hhcikrbuelmjtxfn,Dmitry Tantsur,rajaniemi.freenode.net
yarkot,172.99.106.124,Yarko Tymciurak,asimov.freenode.net
robcresswell,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fqvidmyjrxotjtpm,Rob Cresswell,wilhelm.freenode.net
jroll,unaffiliated/jroll,jroll,leguin.freenode.net
notmyname,ec2-52-37-21-161.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,John Dickinson,rajaniemi.freenode.net
skraynev,91.207.132.92,realname,asimov.freenode.net
ramishra_,117.195.54.168,rabi,rajaniemi.freenode.net
harlowja,64.202.160.76,Joshua Harlow,niven.freenode.net
prometheanfire,gentoo/developer/prometheanfire,Matthew Thode,card.freenode.net
ttx,ubuntu/member/ttx,ttx,wilhelm.freenode.net
toabctl,unaffiliated/toabctl,Tom,adams.freenode.net
flwang,wlg-office-ffw.catalyst.net.nz,purple,verne.freenode.net
uboot__,x4e337a58.dyn.telefonica.de,allegro,asimov.freenode.net
sysdef,debiancenter/founder.developer/pdpc.professional.sysdef,J. Heine,verne.freenode.net
henk,leonardo.netwichtig.de,henk,verne.freenode.net
BaileyMatutine,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-piptbyqnjiqxorze,theEternalNewb,karatkievich.freenode.net
Sophos,cpe-45-46-105-226.maine.res.rr.com,New Now Know How,barjavel.freenode.net
autojack,unaffiliated/autojack,KJ6AKQ,asimov.freenode.net
hrmpw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ydlgbcpxmdoqdejm,Patrick Wolf,leguin.freenode.net
danielbeck,jenkins/developer/danielbeck,Daniel Beck,sinisalo.freenode.net
_ari_,nat/redhat/x-lupkoxuxdyrivxaj,ari,niven.freenode.net
kohsuke,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dsumkvhmfforaokz,Kohsuke Kawaguchi,niven.freenode.net
oleg-nenashev,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-janmwydyzeqqqxgc,Oleg Nenashev,sinisalo.freenode.net
[b__b],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,BotBot.me,wolfe.freenode.net
i386,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jiftqnfgsrgdwobh,James Dumay,wolfe.freenode.net
jglick,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sllbtlsingzanswt,Jesse Glick,wolfe.freenode.net
vodik,archlinux/op/vodik,Simon Gomizelj,leguin.freenode.net
orrc,jenkins/developer/orrc,orrc,barjavel.freenode.net
rtyler,jenkins/developer/rtyler,User Tyler,niven.freenode.net
batmat,198.ip-149-202-45.eu,Baptiste,barjavel.freenode.net
bitwiseman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dsbqdzoohrmjblmn,Liam Newman,wolfe.freenode.net
jenkins-admin,162.209.124.149,PircBot 1.4.2 Java IRC Bot - www.jibble.org,asimov.freenode.net
alyssat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wqaghhtvgqpcfcvj,alyssa tong,wolfe.freenode.net
michaelneale,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lnsxzchhqjrsxkss,Michael Neale,karatkievich.freenode.net
petems,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hnexogfaocvxjpud,Peter Souter,rajaniemi.freenode.net
vivekpandey,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hgdologojtsspkgc,Vivek Pandey,weber.freenode.net
aheritier,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-epeujgoayiatjxhn,Arnaud Héritier,barjavel.freenode.net
schristou,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gtlbkgdvwyyqsfbs,Steven Christou,karatkievich.freenode.net
jflynn,cpe-70-122-9-35.austin.res.rr.com,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
matthewtrask,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zgvyjmbmusmnvgqe,Matthew Trask,karatkievich.freenode.net
cliffmeyers,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vfwrextnmnntwnxf,Cliff Meyers,niven.freenode.net
iieklund,192.89.120.53,Iikka Eklund,sinisalo.freenode.net
chenxiaolong,carrot.cybolabs.co.uk,chenxiaolong,rajaniemi.freenode.net
spikebike,204.246.122.82,',wolfe.freenode.net
Gonbe,funtoo/contrib/happy,happy,wilhelm.freenode.net
iridescascade,pool-96-231-175-32.washdc.fios.verizon.net,wvz,karatkievich.freenode.net
book`_,68.ip-149-56-14.net,book,wolfe.freenode.net
trench,unaffiliated/trench,cold as corps,adams.freenode.net
apocolipse,ec2-54-149-47-67.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,apocfreenode,wolfe.freenode.net
stryx`,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,stryx,karatkievich.freenode.net
seejy,li150-122.members.linode.com,Callum R. Jones,adams.freenode.net
CussBot,unaffiliated/mamarley/bot/mamarley-bots, Cuss Statistics Bot,leguin.freenode.net
radish,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,radish,orwell.freenode.net
f0lder,unaffiliated/f0lder,┌∩┐(◣_◢)┌∩┐,verne.freenode.net
Gummy-,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-vnrjuxknajkdwbhj,fr0st,hobana.freenode.net
mr_kyd,unaffiliated/mr-kyd/x-4253709,mr_kyd,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
geheimnis`,23.226.237.192,geheimnis,rajaniemi.freenode.net
captain42,unaffiliated/captain42,captain,tepper.freenode.net
pozzoni,2604:180::5a69:7f32,pozzoni,wilhelm.freenode.net
PeperPots,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-exoajbaykdxyhfeo,Jasmine,wilhelm.freenode.net
wheatpenny,2601:681:4402:f60::d,realname,leguin.freenode.net
mdmuzzie,roflmao.Princeton.EDU,Michael D. Muzzie,barjavel.freenode.net
Druplicon,drupal/bot/druplicon,Druplicon :http://drupal.org/project/bot,asimov.freenode.net
elijah,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gohrykoczswvdhrj,Elijah Lynn,wolfe.freenode.net
spacetaxi_______,pool-98-115-134-202.phlapa.fios.verizon.net,Dana Hutchins,asimov.freenode.net
mikey_p,drupal.org/user/62496/view,Michael Prasuhn,adams.freenode.net
mirie,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gkozkeaxevhvrrcd,Mai Irie,wolfe.freenode.net
wizonesolutions,drupal.org/user/739994/view,WizOne Solutions,sinisalo.freenode.net
ednawig,pool-72-82-254-213.cmdnnj.fios.verizon.net,ednawig,wolfe.freenode.net
sarah_p,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-biyziwlzpzvdqdre,sarah_p,wolfe.freenode.net
YesCT,c-73-12-42-7.hsd1.va.comcast.net,YesCT,karatkievich.freenode.net
rbdavison,repl.esden.net,Bernard Davison,hitchcock.freenode.net
uwe_,ipservice-092-217-109-029.092.217.pools.vodafone-ip.de,Uwe Hermann,card.freenode.net
esden,repl.esden.net,Piotr Esden-Tempski,adams.freenode.net
TwisteR,94.158.77.42,TwisteR,hitchcock.freenode.net
uwe_mobile,static.173.76.9.176.clients.your-server.de,uwe,weber.freenode.net
MarkusBec,80.69.39.131,Markus Bechtold,niven.freenode.net
dan-,freenode/corporate-sponsor/privateinternetaccess.com/doaks,Nyan nyan,sinisalo.freenode.net
devhost_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lnyhknrhenuzplhx,devhost,karatkievich.freenode.net
DaGardner,unaffiliated/dagardner,DaGardner,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
isacloud,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bsyhpgdeqwtyabrk,Isac Lee,niven.freenode.net
AustinMatherne,li1047-129.members.linode.com,Austin M. Matherne,card.freenode.net
DHowett,velocitylimitless/awesome/ultraviolet/DHowett,Dustin Howett,asimov.freenode.net
chip,c-50-183-93-179.hsd1.co.comcast.net,eeprom,weber.freenode.net
attn1_,c-71-235-145-170.hsd1.ct.comcast.net,attn1,tepper.freenode.net
spline,percolator.mrcoffee.org,↑  ↑  ↓  ↓  ←  →  ←  →  B  A,wolfe.freenode.net
IEF,shadowchild.nl,IEF,card.freenode.net
zule,unaffiliated/zule,Zule Shadowmite,asimov.freenode.net
ImCoKeMaN,pool-72-72-188-228.hrbgpa.fios.verizon.net,Got ZNC?,verne.freenode.net
aandrew,gromit.mixdown.ca,yes my real name is andrew,wilhelm.freenode.net
sourbot,2601:647:4400:8300:52e5:49ff:fe50:d806,http://naim.n.ml.org/ user,leguin.freenode.net
creepyLurker,tau.shadowchild.nl,attn`,wilhelm.freenode.net
kmdm,unaffiliated/kmdm,me,barjavel.freenode.net
sjhill,173-22-239-243.client.mchsi.com,Unknown,sinisalo.freenode.net
joshua_,unaffiliated/joshua-,Joshua Wise,wilhelm.freenode.net
Zanzibar,unaffiliated/zanzibar,Coffee Is Good For You!,adams.freenode.net
Yarboa,nat/redhat/x-wxmqryajnnahdbap,Yariv Rachmani,sinisalo.freenode.net
harmw,2a01:1b0:7999:446:9001::c,harmw,wilhelm.freenode.net
lucas-afk,nat/redhat/x-jwldylrgibnjofem,Lucas Alvares Gomes,wilhelm.freenode.net
frickler,v1.jayr.de,Jens Rosenboom,verne.freenode.net
hughsaunders,23.253.100.31,Hugh Saunders,asimov.freenode.net
oomichi,FL1-122-135-42-171.tky.mesh.ad.jp,Ken'ichi Ohmichi,adams.freenode.net
dmellado,nat/redhat/x-chhbmhucaiwfeevi,dmellado,barjavel.freenode.net
kevinbenton,do-smtp.benton.pub,Kevin Benton,verne.freenode.net
hrw,redhat/hrw,Marcin Juszkiewicz,card.freenode.net
HenryG,180.ip-158-69-198.net,Henry Gessau,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mtreinish,pool-96-249-210-185.pghkny.fios.verizon.net,Matthew Treinish,tepper.freenode.net
smoser,d192-24-22-15.try.wideopenwest.com,Scott Moser,niven.freenode.net
Sorch,unaffiliated/sorch,Sorch,barjavel.freenode.net
balkamos,unaffiliated/motley,balkamos,sinisalo.freenode.net
phatcat,bhava3.karpenoktem.nl,Mark Bongers,orwell.freenode.net
saneki,dedi.zylongaming.com,saneki,card.freenode.net
stryx`,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,stryx,karatkievich.freenode.net
Avenzoar,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-hhlmhngiflvleark,Avenzoar,niven.freenode.net
odin2016,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-vmrpfvmmikwmzqso,odin2016,wilhelm.freenode.net
geheimnis`,23.226.237.192,geheimnis,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ColtonDRG,derpyhooves.xyz,Colton DRG,asimov.freenode.net
StathisA,unaffiliated/stathisa,SA,leguin.freenode.net
finisboy,x1-6-e0-46-9a-20-82-22.cpe.webspeed.dk,fstorfa,niven.freenode.net
