FREDIE,ec2-54-209-124-195.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nodeJS IRC client,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
TheFutureIsHere,ec2-54-209-124-195.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nodeJS IRC client,wilhelm.freenode.net
r4vi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bgndnahvyehiskvn,r4vi,wilhelm.freenode.net
selckin,unaffiliated/selckin,selckin,adams.freenode.net
SupaHam,supaham.com,SupaHam,niven.freenode.net
JakeWharton,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iklnanaxbsutqwgw,Jake Wharton,adams.freenode.net
obobo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nuqxggduhtwyjkpi,Alan Kleiman,wolfe.freenode.net
bobek,unaffiliated/bobek,bobek,orwell.freenode.net
yawkat,cats.coffee,Jonas Konrad,wilhelm.freenode.net
littleli,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-aybrpuazxhjifhoz,Ales Najmann,wilhelm.freenode.net
Voltasalt,5.101.100.240,Why do you care?,wolfe.freenode.net
gko,2400:8900::f03c:91ff:fe70:e605,gko,leguin.freenode.net
Scellow,bly33-1-78-246-251-30.fbx.proxad.net,Scellow,wilhelm.freenode.net
eidolon,2604:a880:800:10::bb4:f001,Eidolon,wilhelm.freenode.net
hfinch,unaffiliated/jomp16,Harold Finch,verne.freenode.net
voldyman,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rgywkebfvmwjylow,Akshay Shekher,wilhelm.freenode.net
SimonVT,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-otywasluseonjprz,Simon,sinisalo.freenode.net
lizzie,unaffiliated/lizzie,lizzie,weber.freenode.net
fungos,qubcpq0336w-lp140-03-174-92-247-107.dsl.bell.ca,fungos,roddenberry.freenode.net
icedp,unaffiliated/icedp,_,barjavel.freenode.net
bnicholson,gateway/web/mozilla/x-czxdijmoxtxscxjy,Brian Nicholson,barjavel.freenode.net
pstanko,unaffiliated/pstanko,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
strtok,thales.strtok.net,tokie,card.freenode.net
alyphen,znc.seventh-root.com,alyphen,barjavel.freenode.net
cfleming,updates.cursive-ide.com,Colin Fleming,adams.freenode.net
GrecKo,195-154-253-46.rev.poneytelecom.eu,GrecKo,adams.freenode.net
squalloser,pD9526F42.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,realname,orwell.freenode.net
markmarkmark,198.199.68.171,mark,verne.freenode.net
dreamreal,unaffiliated/dreamreal,Joseph B. Ottinger,karatkievich.freenode.net
Bombe,freenet/developer/Bombe,David ‘Bombe’ Roden,kornbluth.freenode.net
hansihe,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-znatddvxrayhumvp,hansihe,adams.freenode.net
JEEB,unaffiliated/jeeb,Jan E,wolfe.freenode.net
Rawriful,host-2-96-37-71.as13285.net,Rawriful,weber.freenode.net
danneu,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nvoxyvnrihgfidul,danneu,niven.freenode.net
cheeser,unaffiliated/cheeser,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
hinst,109.172.25.153,hinst,card.freenode.net
parkerkane,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cmosijlwzxkfzbty,Parker Kane,karatkievich.freenode.net
Longclaw,wolf.not.dog,Yemu Isangrim,sinisalo.freenode.net
Ribesg,ribesg.fr,Gael Ribes,karatkievich.freenode.net
Aikar,wikia/Aikar,Aikar,karatkievich.freenode.net
zapu,ks3354569.kimsufi.com,zapu,card.freenode.net
kazimuth_,ec2-54-172-24-246.compute-1.amazonaws.com,James Gilles,wolfe.freenode.net
LeNsTR,unaffiliated/lenstr,lenstr,rajaniemi.freenode.net
JesusFreke,unaffiliated/jesusfreke,JesusFreke,rajaniemi.freenode.net
keemyb,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-pfisrspkrjqbeojk,Gordon Freeman,wolfe.freenode.net
claudiuinberlin,x4e31ff8f.dyn.telefonica.de,claudiuinberlin,orwell.freenode.net
ghost64,corrigan.xyz,Michael Corrigan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
javabot,unaffiliated/javabot,PircBotX 2.1 Java IRC bot - github.com/thelq/pircb,barjavel.freenode.net
lazybear,radium.atom.fi,lazybear,asimov.freenode.net
skoude,ec2-52-50-202-1.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Kari Skyttä,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kjeldahl,80.241.86.170,Marius Kjeldahl,leguin.freenode.net
inara,68.ip-149-56-14.net,inara,karatkievich.freenode.net
Moonlight-Angel,eth-east-parth2-46-193-65-193.wb.wifirst.net,realname,orwell.freenode.net
Monie,cowbot.jamonek.com,Monie,card.freenode.net
pmarino,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kguhuyezbqlaoati,Paul Marino,adams.freenode.net
Ephemeral,unaffiliated/ephemeral,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
jomp16,unaffiliated/jomp16,José Olívio M. Pedrosa,wolfe.freenode.net
BytesAndCoffee,bytes.coffee,yazdmich,adams.freenode.net
wyvern,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hekfttkedrsgbjqq,wyvern,niven.freenode.net
bruce-,fileunderpopular.com,_ _,orwell.freenode.net
bret,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-thzaumlzwpolfmxh,Bret Comnes,leguin.freenode.net
antranigv,cert.am,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
gildean,salaliitto.com,ok,asimov.freenode.net
dmamills,104.131.14.250,mills,karatkievich.freenode.net
FozzWorth,76.102.107.84,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
ilyaigpetrov,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rmzwhxesestnjise,Ilya Petrov,leguin.freenode.net
thedonut,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jxurvkyyrcskvvzh,thedonut,adams.freenode.net
