bogdananton,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ebcankxuvngfqepd,BogdanAnton,wilhelm.freenode.net
serbang,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yiyihwtlrpmmlajy,Serban,adams.freenode.net
asilluron,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wwovefikojjdhzdl,Andrew Silluron,wilhelm.freenode.net
Cathadan,162.243.53.129,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
yeah568_,198.20.177.26,yeah568,tepper.freenode.net
caitp,ec2-52-88-18-7.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Shaboobala,weber.freenode.net
mathiasbynens,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ghkrvheuwmbhitpi,Mathias Bynens,wilhelm.freenode.net
adongy,gateway/shell/firrre/x-zvwasftmoimlsotw,Anthony Dong,adams.freenode.net
sgt_b2002,d4-50-243-33.try.wideopenwest.com,sgt_b002,wilhelm.freenode.net
drbobbeaty,2601:249:1:a07e:c3e:9c52:1f95:b8d2,Textual User,wilhelm.freenode.net
hl,unaffiliated/hl,hl,tepper.freenode.net
Alcest,69.64.40.177,Ecailles de lune,leguin.freenode.net
unga,2a03:b0c0:2:d0::313:a001,giulioungareti,karatkievich.freenode.net
HM,81.4.101.225,HM,orwell.freenode.net
pmienk,c-71-227-177-179.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
markos_,91.180.59.96,Konstantinos Margaritis,barjavel.freenode.net
imMute,about/networking/240.255.255.0/imMute,Matt,barjavel.freenode.net
chedr,unaffiliated/cer,chedr,weber.freenode.net
slipperyjim,bitch.minusforty.net,dennis,asimov.freenode.net
sublee,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-swbumtvzyzrmgsdd,Heungsub Lee,karatkievich.freenode.net
darvon,107.191.100.185,darvon,wilhelm.freenode.net
chazlever,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ptfjxyuzfpvedzsg,Chaz Lever,adams.freenode.net
JStoker,unaffiliated/jstoker,JStoker,niven.freenode.net
A-Kaser,loligrub/member/A-Kaser,Francois Bayart,orwell.freenode.net
djellemah,dsl-197-245-107-48.voxdsl.co.za,John Anderson,verne.freenode.net
robinsmidsrod,rs.smidsrod.no,Robin Smidsr√∏d,niven.freenode.net
fiftychickens,c110-20-150-86.rivrw10.nsw.optusnet.com.au,asif,roddenberry.freenode.net
joepie91_,199.241.31.225,Sven Slootweg,adams.freenode.net
c-rack,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ubkdsutddibcprmc,Constantin Rack,wolfe.freenode.net
yrashk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-htbpkxwivmghucqf,Yurii Rashkovskii,leguin.freenode.net
^Xires,2a00:16d8:2:300:216:1eff:fe0a:a545,Gerald M O'Steen,sinisalo.freenode.net
vertrex,unaffiliated/vertrex,vertrex,verne.freenode.net
crazy_im1,a89-182-85-235.net-htp.de,mj,wilhelm.freenode.net
aboudreault,osgeo/member/aboudreault,Alan Boudreault,barjavel.freenode.net
benny_the_jet,193.192.59.186,Bundesnoob,verne.freenode.net
iamruinous,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-osacqstdshkvmedf,Jade Meskill,rajaniemi.freenode.net
aotaoinbin,38.107.130.6,anonymous user,orwell.freenode.net
bodie_,unaffiliated/bodie/x-6479885,Bodie Solomon,card.freenode.net
kevc_,orchid.vm.bytemark.co.uk,Kevin Campbell,wilhelm.freenode.net
pmbauer,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-krrfgvlvuxvfyjty,Paul Bauer,barjavel.freenode.net
sytse,swielinga.nl,Sytse Wielinga,leguin.freenode.net
charliebone,unaffiliated/charliebone,charlie,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sarnold,174-25-135-38.ptld.qwest.net,Seth Arnold,leguin.freenode.net
Cu5tosLimen,unaffiliated/cust0slim3n,CustosLimen,tepper.freenode.net
sublee_,175.125.21.73,Heungsub Lee,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jtimon,186.31.134.37.dynamic.jazztel.es,jtimon,karatkievich.freenode.net
azyr,128.199.227.87,Sebastian Jylanki,verne.freenode.net
verterok,156.35.213.162.lcy-02.canonistack.canonical.com,Guillermo Gonzalez,karatkievich.freenode.net
cloudcell_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-diiyzdfvwwwrrlwq,cloudcell,adams.freenode.net
Lionel_Debroux,AGrenoble-156-1-170-19.w82-122.abo.wanadoo.fr,Lionel Debroux,barjavel.freenode.net
zx64,freecnc/zx64,zx64,adams.freenode.net
messa,2a02:2b88:2:1::45f4:1,Petr,,,,adams.freenode.net
dhanush,gateway/shell/firrre/x-smietghbmisbmcvm,dhanush,wilhelm.freenode.net
jalcine,unaffiliated/webjadmin,Jacky Alcine,sinisalo.freenode.net
mariorz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gfpsqhlglwjuopaq,mario romero,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jmhmccr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uywqcvipfuuzucfc,bluehavana,adams.freenode.net
monokrome,54.88.139.115,Bailey Stoner,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lino,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-snzwvfcjcvwddxgn,Lino,karatkievich.freenode.net
lukky513,elbereth.pl,lukky513,asimov.freenode.net
Arnie,merg.okkernoot.net,We, teh people,karatkievich.freenode.net
shka_,109.231.14.178,Marek Kochanowicz,weber.freenode.net
MOLONLABE2016,162.245.217.4,Robert Cope,leguin.freenode.net
nogo_,cloud.xelin.org,abc xyz,asimov.freenode.net
cxreg,62.f9.1243.static.theplanet.com,Dave O,weber.freenode.net
gluytium,45.63.76.107,is a fictional supervillain,card.freenode.net
dustinm,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dustinm,weber.freenode.net
Su-Shee_,p549FDD5A.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,http://frollein-schmidt.de,orwell.freenode.net
dcat,c-98-244-106-246.hsd1.va.comcast.net,d c,wilhelm.freenode.net
SebastianFlyte,pool-108-48-93-213.washdc.fios.verizon.net,Sebastian Flyte,wolfe.freenode.net
euantor,mybb/team/euantor,Euan,barjavel.freenode.net
bmcorser,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jyybolnxsvxplygv,BM Corser,wilhelm.freenode.net
rgs,ec2-54-183-71-223.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Raul Gutierrez Segales,adams.freenode.net
michelp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rziqravjhitmwfio,Michel Pelletier,karatkievich.freenode.net
teotwaki,Maemo/community/contributor/crashanddie,Sebastian Lauwers,karatkievich.freenode.net
jdiez,unaffiliated/jdiez,Jose Diez,card.freenode.net
mk-fg,pdpc/supporter/active/mk-fg,Mike Kazantsev,adams.freenode.net
kpcyrd,2a03:b0c0:0:1010::16f:4001,kpcyrd,wilhelm.freenode.net
d42,89-70-23-250.dynamic.chello.pl,```,wolfe.freenode.net
pfallenop,unaffiliated/contempt,paralela,rajaniemi.freenode.net
_prak,104.168.154.12,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
taotetek,104.236.86.203,bknox,orwell.freenode.net
rotty,yade.chaostreff.at,rotty,leguin.freenode.net
termos,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yjzgxobsulrfhcxf,Ole Andre Birkedal,adams.freenode.net
Martin`,shell.ipv6.octocore.net,Martin,leguin.freenode.net
truemped,mail.duvn.de,Daniel Truemper,wolfe.freenode.net
benoitc,couchdb/committer/pdpc.active.benoitc,benoitc,niven.freenode.net
ianbarber,50-0-164-185.dsl.dynamic.fusionbroadband.com,Ian Barber,verne.freenode.net
n13l,aaa.anect.cz,n13l <niel@rtfm.cz>,adams.freenode.net
alphonse23_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tukqyuettmgaccly,Sean Westfall,wilhelm.freenode.net
PotatoGim,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pmhrzlyopetrhheb,Ji-Hyeon Gim,wilhelm.freenode.net
brycebaril,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ztkupvztelmxycfy,Bryce,wilhelm.freenode.net
a-a,unaffiliated/hochmeister,a-a,niven.freenode.net
BlueAidan,c-98-213-102-24.hsd1.in.comcast.net,David Blewett,sinisalo.freenode.net
rorx,cpe-74-130-27-145.kya.res.rr.com,Rory,asimov.freenode.net
Mloc,hibernia.infinitive.co.uk,mloc,verne.freenode.net
nschoe,AStLambert-651-1-100-50.w90-43.abo.wanadoo.fr,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
nashpa,dliviu.plus.com,Liviu Dudau,card.freenode.net
SkoZombie,180-150-23-194.cust.aussiebb.net,Andrew Whalan,weber.freenode.net
__alex,wisdom.tricnet.de,alex,karatkievich.freenode.net
LongyanG,15255.s.t4vps.eu,long yang,wolfe.freenode.net
rickmak_,42-200-192-29.static.imsbiz.com,Rick Mak,weber.freenode.net
R2ZER0,niobium.r2zer0.net,Rikki Guy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mahlon,martini.nu,and it occurred to me, as he drove away; d = r * t,niven.freenode.net
ghoti,hq.experiencepoint.com,Paul Chvostek, http://www.it.ca/~paul/,weber.freenode.net
XDS2010,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-npgfvvkpmjmulcya,XAVIER,wolfe.freenode.net
beaups,unaffiliated/beaups,Got ZNC?,asimov.freenode.net
datagutt,unaffiliated/datagutt,Thomas,niven.freenode.net
NookieBot,unaffiliated/zanzibar,Likes some Nookie,wolfe.freenode.net
nkk71,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-emffpdubuchdooml,nkk71,adams.freenode.net
jN`,165-209-255-51.static.panicbnc.eu,j_to_the_4n,card.freenode.net
zifnab,where.are.all.the.sexypenguins.at,is wearing pants,karatkievich.freenode.net
jcase,i.write.malware.asia,Justin Case,karatkievich.freenode.net
Zanzibar,unaffiliated/zanzibar,Coffee Is Good For You!,adams.freenode.net
Kratos90,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-clxzzcodbrdmdmsu,Kratos90,karatkievich.freenode.net
PeperPots,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-exoajbaykdxyhfeo,Jasmine,wilhelm.freenode.net
_litz,c-24-126-174-156.hsd1.ga.comcast.net,litz,orwell.freenode.net
hj0x3,46.166.137.217,hj0x3,orwell.freenode.net
odamn,unaffiliated/odamn,.,card.freenode.net
emerson,freenode/staff/emerson,emerson,wilhelm.freenode.net
warsh,unaffiliated/warsh,idk man,wilhelm.freenode.net
Tony-St4rk,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kgldpuadzjnacpcn,Tony-St4rk,wilhelm.freenode.net
suspense,gateway/tor-sasl/suspense,suspense,zelazny.freenode.net
procyon,znc.taryn.io,procyon,adams.freenode.net
bauerj,unaffiliated/bauerj,bauerj,wilhelm.freenode.net
MetaNova,unaffiliated/metanova,zero-one,wolfe.freenode.net
CEnnis91,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dnrvqpftvsyfcwyl,CEnnis91,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lizzie,unaffiliated/lizzie,lizzie,weber.freenode.net
Crydamoure,unaffiliated/crydamoure,Crydamoure,niven.freenode.net
sigquit,bitcoinshell.mooo.com,---,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
LaserEyess,unaffiliated/lasereyess,anon,orwell.freenode.net
tmcaffeine,unaffiliated/tmcaffeine,Too Much Caffeine,card.freenode.net
LotR,li60-27.members.linode.com,.,karatkievich.freenode.net
gszathmari,2401:c900:1401:3b:14:74:471:d8f1,Gabor Szathmari,sinisalo.freenode.net
Guest28451,irc.tox.im,Coup Shitlord,wolfe.freenode.net
bbbbot,myhugevault.com,jenni yanosbot, https://git.io/jenni,barjavel.freenode.net
ttdennis,v45159.1blu.de,Dennis,asimov.freenode.net
Captain_Beezay,funtoo/user/terabit,terabit,wilhelm.freenode.net
unixist,unaffiliated/unixist,unixist,wolfe.freenode.net
ramhog,f9923b79-3919-4490-8cb0-af7be23ccb7b.node.dockerapp.io,bother lemtzas - bot,verne.freenode.net
aczid,tuig.nikhef.nl,Aram Verstegen,orwell.freenode.net
sn0wmonster,taskhive/developer/sn0wmonster,Skifree Snowmonster,wolfe.freenode.net
alkt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-binmqxxwbsrgakoc,alkt,adams.freenode.net
Yugemos,unaffiliated/yugemos,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
nikolaidis,pool-72-93-97-251.bstnma.fios.verizon.net,realname,weber.freenode.net
MillerBoss,107.191.50.190,Boss Miller,asimov.freenode.net
Selavi,unaffiliated/valesi,Shane,asimov.freenode.net
Nycatelos,unaffiliated/illusional,Yidhra Kthanid,wilhelm.freenode.net
manny3,gateway/web/frut.as/ip.104.174.35.78,manny,wolfe.freenode.net
rasengan,pdpc/corporate-sponsor/privateinternetaccess.com/rasengan,rasengan,wilhelm.freenode.net
nachan2,gateway/web/frut.as/ip.98.159.95.24,nachan,karatkievich.freenode.net
akatsukidazy2,gateway/web/frut.as/ip.107.152.98.170,akatsukidazy,karatkievich.freenode.net
grvgr2,gateway/web/frut.as/ip.171.50.165.128,grvgr,wolfe.freenode.net
alexlee3,gateway/web/frut.as/ip.172.56.30.51,alexlee,karatkievich.freenode.net
Matthew_,wikimedia/matthewrbowker,matthewrbowker,sinisalo.freenode.net
wm-bot,wikimedia/bot/wm-bot,wm-bot,card.freenode.net
Baunza4D,wikipedia/Tesser4D,Bodo Baunz,wolfe.freenode.net
MGC,tnb/staff/MGChecker,MGChecker,weber.freenode.net
Luke_,tnb/staff/Luke081515,Luke,adams.freenode.net
Sagan,tnb/staff/Luke081515,Luke,barjavel.freenode.net
Terminator,tnb/utility-bot/terminator,terminate it...,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
doctaxon,wikipedia/doc-taxon,Doc Taxon,verne.freenode.net
Guest11007,wikipedia/freddy2001,Freddy,karatkievich.freenode.net
CIABot,tnb/bot/Luke081515Bot,PircBotX 2.0.1, a fork of PircBot, the Java IRC bo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Jogo-obb,wikipedia/Jogo-obb,Jogo.obb,adams.freenode.net
jem,wikimedia/-jem-,Jose Emilio -jem-,card.freenode.net
Platonides,wikipedia/Platonides,Wikipedia,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
paulomotta,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wyusjonhghhydssj,Paulo Motta,adams.freenode.net
Tchiak,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xxszterpcxpbngel,Tchaikovsky,karatkievich.freenode.net
ansabr,viciouswalr.us,ansonsination,karatkievich.freenode.net
lostcause,JelliFish.newfunk.info,Jake,tepper.freenode.net
ke4qqq,ec2-54-90-178-215.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dhanush,gateway/shell/firrre/x-smietghbmisbmcvm,dhanush,wilhelm.freenode.net
Terryis,50-88-72-66.res.bhn.net,realname,leguin.freenode.net
sparre,franka.jacob-sparre.dk,Jacob Sparre Andersen,adams.freenode.net
hazmat,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pctrtzyrksftopqx,Kapil Thangavelu,leguin.freenode.net
angular_mike_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-igpiagqfmxlntpdy,angular_mike_,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zpconn__________,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-anwpnjikrdvtujpp,Zach Conn,karatkievich.freenode.net
apetresc,znc.apetre.sc,Adrian Petrescu,weber.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
k3nt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dmyoeyjbxchqixbx,Kent Williams,adams.freenode.net
EnabrinTain,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-empbfzxlukxwncay,EnabrinTain,niven.freenode.net
monteslu,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lvtuwugpmjhbfqmd,Luis Montes,wilhelm.freenode.net
kjelle,secwiz.org,kjelle,wolfe.freenode.net
gli,119.254.120.72,Gang Li,barjavel.freenode.net
dln,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tpcbtleqnhwltbtw,Daniel L,wolfe.freenode.net
rburkholder,199.68.193.54,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
dddh,pdpc/supporter/active/dddh,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
pushp0p,unaffiliated/pushp0p,pushp0p,verne.freenode.net
abracadaniel,130.185.134.250,abracadaniel,barjavel.freenode.net
huhlig,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eweisqkpzostekvg,Hans W. Uhlig,wolfe.freenode.net
blddk,unaffiliated/blddk,captain-slow.dk,card.freenode.net
ticoli,54.234.88.92.rev.sfr.net,Mathieu Ruellan,barjavel.freenode.net
spew`,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kmavksudeuwmefwc,Rob Leidle,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dk_,mail.dkaiser.org,dkaiser,adams.freenode.net
dgonyeo,csh/dgonyeo,Derek Gonyeo,wilhelm.freenode.net
Sockbat,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-iucvrjtmqysfxexa,sockbat,niven.freenode.net
zimboboyd,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-nxmhfnbezgqdhybw,Zimbo Boyd,leguin.freenode.net
DNS,unaffiliated/dns777,DNS777,orwell.freenode.net
esssing,2001:41d0:52:d00::1e6,AE,wilhelm.freenode.net
giLL0r,pdpc/supporter/student/gill0r,Gil,karatkievich.freenode.net
jini,i59F5C27F.versanet.de,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
mirko,openwrt/developer/mirko,Mirko Vogt,adams.freenode.net
mauli_,2a01:4f8:c17:3adb::42,mauli,karatkievich.freenode.net
susi,2a02:180:a:62:1::1601,susi,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kabelmau1wurf,b00t.me,kmw,card.freenode.net
venom00ut,unaffiliated/venom00,venom00,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kasc,ip-178-202-241-104.hsi09.unitymediagroup.de,just me,kornbluth.freenode.net
bene,nat/redhat/x-agmxrzaxxahtaqaw,Ben England,verne.freenode.net
Stitch1,2a01:7c8:aaba:44a:5054:ff:feaa:8d62,Stitch,niven.freenode.net
phiL23421,HSI-KBW-46-223-117-183.hsi.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de,phiL23421,wolfe.freenode.net
chaoflow_,0x2c.org,Florian Friesdorf,karatkievich.freenode.net
legind,104.131.69.251,inputoutput,asimov.freenode.net
pelegreno___,107.170.175.57,cinch,niven.freenode.net
exo,django.bazul.net,Daniel K.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ctp,185.42.170.10,Christoph Pilka,karatkievich.freenode.net
ketas,200-62-46-176.dyn.estpak.ee,181.6GB U160-SCSI 68-pin 16MB cache 15000rpm,adams.freenode.net
oberling,nopea.deroberling.de,oberling,weber.freenode.net
zen_,2001:41d0:8:7887::1,zen,,,,wilhelm.freenode.net
JustRelax,D549946A.cm-10-1a.dynamic.ziggo.nl,JustRelax,wolfe.freenode.net
jedi-,mail.1101itsolutions.de,jedi,wolfe.freenode.net
chrpape,cpape.eu,unknown,adams.freenode.net
mr_seeker,koyash.damagereports.info,Julius,rajaniemi.freenode.net
priority,neptun.marwe.net,Marcel Weiler,karatkievich.freenode.net
ThePhoenix47`,1.ipv6.aegir.superbnc.com,SuperBNC - https://SuperBNC.com,niven.freenode.net
MalteJ,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tlkjrqfzihvdbxxr,Malte,leguin.freenode.net
pdgwien,static.88-198-194-86.clients.your-server.de,pdg,wolfe.freenode.net
aq,corvus.uberspace.de,acc,wilhelm.freenode.net
mf1008,unaffiliated/mf1008,mf1008,sinisalo.freenode.net
Twix,twix.ws,Alle Kekse sind meine :P,asimov.freenode.net
trango,66-238-4-142.starstream.net,trango,card.freenode.net
djinni`,68.ip-149-56-14.net,djinni,weber.freenode.net
sn0wmonster,taskhive/developer/sn0wmonster,Skifree Snowmonster,wolfe.freenode.net
edenist,li280-110.members.linode.com,Edward Nist,weber.freenode.net
athaller,1.rz17.hetzner.thaller.ws,Alexander Thaller,adams.freenode.net
der_olf,ringhorn.trollofix.com,olf,barjavel.freenode.net
nomaster,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nctayrzrxzvkrxtk,Mic,wilhelm.freenode.net
br34l,unaffiliated/br34l,...,kornbluth.freenode.net
Pepe_,anderith.bouah.net,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
guy_,unaffiliated/guy/x-2189580,guy,adams.freenode.net
sj0rz,unaffiliated/d0nnie,r1nuz,hitchcock.freenode.net
nopf,felderundfiguren.de,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
penguwin,v22016023329631623.luckysrv.de,penguwin,,,,adams.freenode.net
dl8bh,shells.postadigitale.org,bernhard,wolfe.freenode.net
cmn,hessy.dwim.me,Carlos Mart√≠n Nieto,rajaniemi.freenode.net
psycon,comm.wurbz.de,psy,niven.freenode.net
bart-__,x4db4d6ba.dyn.telefonica.de,Ferdinand,rajaniemi.freenode.net
redarrow,unaffiliated/redarrow,Thomas D.,orwell.freenode.net
seg,fsf/member/seg,seg,card.freenode.net
olli23,srv4.trackers-world.net,Oliver,tepper.freenode.net
FlyPen_,v22015092889228291.yourvserver.net,FlyPen,niven.freenode.net
Sedo,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::12f:8001,Manuel Thallinger,niven.freenode.net
AlphaVax,171.33.188.66,...,barjavel.freenode.net
dazm,euve75328.serverprofi24.de,dazm-freenode,adams.freenode.net
trollkopp,binarymail.de,trollkopp,niven.freenode.net
daebi,unaffiliated/daebi,Christopher Ebersbach,card.freenode.net
Andrej_T,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe73:6bd6,Asdf T.,wilhelm.freenode.net
shogunbay,104.236.23.138,shogunbay,karatkievich.freenode.net
Igglybuff,46.101.62.129,Igglybuff,weber.freenode.net
slystone,unaffiliated/slystone,slystone,adams.freenode.net
de-facto,gateway/tor-sasl/de-facto,de-facto,zelazny.freenode.net
Denny_57,2001:470:537b:110:5054:ff:feb9:bc18,Frank,karatkievich.freenode.net
total1ty_,ipbcc36896.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,fabian,asimov.freenode.net
meepmeep,end.of.cylind.re,meepmeep,sinisalo.freenode.net
Amadiro,dalvik.ping.uio.no,Amadiro Fafarello,barjavel.freenode.net
quax,dim13.org,Otto Groschenbuegel,karatkievich.freenode.net
ztk,p200300DD1BC595008F2315CCE079CF8B.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,ztk,rajaniemi.freenode.net
rtr,2a01:4f8:151:64ac::2,rt tr,wilhelm.freenode.net
elmcrest,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-avoydvwycypdjltr,Marius Raesener,wolfe.freenode.net
Tenhi,static-ip-69-64-50-196.inaddr.ip-pool.com,Kauan,sinisalo.freenode.net
geco2,ipb219e115.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,Unknown,asimov.freenode.net
herzmeister,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/herzmeister,herzmeister der welten,hitchcock.freenode.net
sv--,int13h.nerdhotel.com,Schorsch Viktorowitschki,verne.freenode.net
_marc`,2001:41d0:8:5527::8,marc,wilhelm.freenode.net
grindhold,c035.cyan.servdiscount-customer.com,grindhold,asimov.freenode.net
amir,unaffiliated/amir,Amir Guindehi,kornbluth.freenode.net
alxd,188.226.245.148,alxd,orwell.freenode.net
metaKin,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-wfqqnvidjirtdwhz,its aB,sinisalo.freenode.net
robin_debspace,server.debspace.org,Robin DebSpace,adams.freenode.net
msgctl,ometochtli.centzontotochtin.org,msgctl,card.freenode.net
Janhouse,torch.id.lv,Janis,adams.freenode.net
Xenogenesis,unaffiliated/fttc,No way,hitchcock.freenode.net
ntropy,intrepid.zx23.net,entropy,adams.freenode.net
EiNSTeiN_,unaffiliated/einstein/x-615171,einstein,adams.freenode.net
Stern,a83-162-246-136.adsl.xs4all.nl,Fred,tepper.freenode.net
AxForest,data.kodasch.pw,Ax,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dist,xen.ihme.org,Taneli Kaivola,orwell.freenode.net
ford,2a00:d0c0:200:0:b9:1a:9c0c:1,ford,niven.freenode.net
lassulus,lassul.us,lass,wilhelm.freenode.net
matthiaskrgr,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-zyevvcalpnevbeux,matthiaskrgr,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kiboneu,104.236.1.89,xerphn,hitchcock.freenode.net
APic,apic.name,A. Pic. - my name since YOLD 3149,card.freenode.net
cpe,unaffiliated/cpe,Carsten,weber.freenode.net
zzeroo,pd95c2bb7.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,zzeroo systems,karatkievich.freenode.net
MaceM,astro-admin.uibk.ac.at,Matt Hias,verne.freenode.net
Sciuro,2a00:f10:121:400:497:4aff:fe00:eb8,Rogier,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Mathis,p4FE680F3.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Mathis,card.freenode.net
crane,chat.craneworks.de,Denny Crane,karatkievich.freenode.net
teci,p57bfe313.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Bjoern Heller,adams.freenode.net
SternNL,a83-162-246-136.adsl.xs4all.nl,Fred,tepper.freenode.net
vifino,tty.sh,vifino,barjavel.freenode.net
abra0,unaffiliated/abra0,abra_abra,kornbluth.freenode.net
towo,metadatenhafen.de,Tobias Wolter,tepper.freenode.net
tuxuser,xeupd.com,tuxuser,sinisalo.freenode.net
pflanze,a.christianjaeger.ch,Christian J.,adams.freenode.net
fallenbeck,db.webstreams.de,Niels,orwell.freenode.net
DizzyDieter,becrux.frino.de,Dizzy,wolfe.freenode.net
snow_bckspc,ganon.dot-server.net,snow_bckspc,wilhelm.freenode.net
phife,gateway/shell/uberspace.de/x-esulqnawjqqgdsyf,phifedowg,wilhelm.freenode.net
disintermediated,2604:880:a:5::e02,disintermediated,niven.freenode.net
HonkHase,mail.1101itsolutions.de,HonkHase,adams.freenode.net
chris\\,p5492A8B3.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,chris,adams.freenode.net
core,unaffiliated/core,core,asimov.freenode.net
codec,enigma.fnord.cx,codec,wilhelm.freenode.net
nellicus_,205.134.170.126,The Nell,wolfe.freenode.net
doppo,2604:180::e0fc:a07f,doppo,karatkievich.freenode.net
t1pper,p5B312801.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,wd,asimov.freenode.net
mlq,unaffiliated/mlq,mlq,weber.freenode.net
opv,host1.opviel.de,tehtrb,weber.freenode.net
s0niq,0138500014.0.fullrate.ninja,s0niq,adams.freenode.net
Thalian,mail.jedimail.de,Thalian,karatkievich.freenode.net
mindmap,unaffiliated/livekcats,mindmap,adams.freenode.net
NomenEstOmen,2a00:d880:3:2::657d:ade4,"Nomen,sinisalo.freenode.net
Rachael,2001:16d8:ff1c:23:dead:beef:babe:5,Jacob Dah Pind,wolfe.freenode.net
peraTM,metis.mpi-fg-koeln.mpg.de,PEra,wilhelm.freenode.net
Modeuse,x14m13a.wh7.tu-dresden.de,KVIrc 4.9.1 Aria http://kvirc.net/,adams.freenode.net
Cthulhux`,piratenpartei/ni/tux,Rosa Elefant,weber.freenode.net
loriot,dslb-188-098-015-175.188.098.pools.vodafone-ip.de,loriot,weber.freenode.net
dgeex,mail.dgeex.de,Charlie Root,adams.freenode.net
dos1,neo900/coreteam/dos,Sebastian Krzyszkowiak,rajaniemi.freenode.net
AlexanderS,bnc.animux.de,AlexanderS,adams.freenode.net
deem,gateway/shell/uberspace.de/x-unslgxfaqtjwntsr,deem,verne.freenode.net
john51,15255.s.t4vps.eu,John,sinisalo.freenode.net
k4tfish,reniced.net,k4tfi5h,karatkievich.freenode.net
lino,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-snzwvfcjcvwddxgn,Lino,karatkievich.freenode.net
skmp,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-iuionvlljpuyktwu,skmp,wilhelm.freenode.net
blackbit,unaffiliated/ahuemer,Alexander Huemer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
juri_,192.94.73.193,Julia Longtin,niven.freenode.net
HotSwap,unaffiliated/hotswap/x-1719459,hotswap,weber.freenode.net
Xjs|moonshine,chrysostomos.aoide.de,Jannis Andrija Schnitzer,leguin.freenode.net
kiu,501gu.de,kiu,karatkievich.freenode.net
gluytium,45.63.76.107,is a fictional supervillain,card.freenode.net
puR0,104.233.87.21,marco#,karatkievich.freenode.net
ivc,elitus.x-pec.com,ivc,barjavel.freenode.net
ahuemer,unaffiliated/ahuemer,Alexander Huemer,wolfe.freenode.net
dhiru,171.61.182.62,dhiru,niven.freenode.net
d33tah,nmap/d33tah,d33tah,rajaniemi.freenode.net
uen,p50840677.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,n/a,barjavel.freenode.net
gevatter,2001:470:537b:110:5054:ff:feb9:bc18,Philipp,karatkievich.freenode.net
oida,unaffiliated/oida,oida,karatkievich.freenode.net
reen-,ts.0x52.net,reen,adams.freenode.net
timj,p20030058AF069000AC06D70CC7163799.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,purple,wilhelm.freenode.net
cbj,kaly.kangoulya.org,cbj,rajaniemi.freenode.net
scraper,layer8.pwnz.org,SpaceScraper,weber.freenode.net
jomat,2a02:180:a:62:1::1601,jomat2,wilhelm.freenode.net
janus,bnc.animux.de,Markus,wolfe.freenode.net
hiya,gateway/shell/hiyabnc/x-luatrgdggnmarszx,hiya,orwell.freenode.net
int0x27h,unaffiliated/int0x27h,int0x27h,kornbluth.freenode.net
lids,unaffiliated/lids,lids,niven.freenode.net
grummel,static.133.157.201.138.clients.your-server.de,christian,orwell.freenode.net
rIMpossible,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-aiqmurisgivhhhys,rIMpossible,wilhelm.freenode.net
Heisenduenger,the.nsa.just.stole-your.pw,f70bot,wilhelm.freenode.net
imofftopic,unaffiliated/imofftopic,One Day peace,barjavel.freenode.net
sdamashek,tjctf/organizer/sdamashek,Samuel Damashek,orwell.freenode.net
nic600,CPE-120-146-131-26.static.nsw.bigpond.net.au,nic600,leguin.freenode.net
MrR0b07,64.137.204.144,MrR0b07,sinisalo.freenode.net
thorrr,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gyvxfjmimhwjokpb,Brett Runnings,adams.freenode.net
batgirl,michonne.nwg.ucl.ac.uk,emmag,wolfe.freenode.net
gewt,138.68.49.16,Cory Smelosky,hitchcock.freenode.net
alkain,gateway/web/freenode/ip.75.137.161.52,75.137.161.52 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
ldumont,modemcable013.122-131-66.mc.videotron.ca,Laurent Dumont,sinisalo.freenode.net
teletype01,cpe-74-71-9-252.nyc.res.rr.com,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
xibalba,2605:e000:1c0e:c06a:20c:29ff:fee9:327,Got ZNC?,sinisalo.freenode.net
Forge___,94.100.18.196,forge,rajaniemi.freenode.net
loceur,darwin.fragilegeek.com,wyatt,wolfe.freenode.net
crisu,crisu.ch,Christian,sinisalo.freenode.net
LOLOL16,202.57.8.13,LOLOL,weber.freenode.net
Lalufu,unaffiliated/lalufu,s,adams.freenode.net
Michael,cpc75888-know11-2-0-cust212.17-2.cable.virginm.net,Eteris,hitchcock.freenode.net
emptynine,cybertron.nullroute.info,zero bytes,sinisalo.freenode.net
CheBuzz,unaffiliated/chebuzz,Buzz,tepper.freenode.net
eichiro,107.191.100.185,eichiro,card.freenode.net
realnot,unaffiliated/realnot,Mauro Crociara,leguin.freenode.net
Madrat,cpe-108-185-4-114.socal.res.rr.com,Madrat,wilhelm.freenode.net
S3ph,2a01:cb19:8c36:7300:ae9e:17ff:feb3:ea85,Sephiroth,niven.freenode.net
Resnik,37.247.52.207,Resnik,tepper.freenode.net
Syncopix,unaffiliated/syncopix,Syncopix,karatkievich.freenode.net
Eagleman,546BCC9F.cm-12-4d.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Eagleman,verne.freenode.net
nexex,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe93:7a5,Benjamin S Carrell,leguin.freenode.net
vhasi,vha.si,...,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dwar,warhammar.net,Daniel W,wilhelm.freenode.net
cisco72,gateway/web/freenode/ip.66.68.56.244,cpe-66-68-56-244.austin.res.rr.com/66.68.56.244,herbert.freenode.net
_chrisP_,209.62.0.2,If you're down with 'P', then you're down with me.,card.freenode.net
deegan,rfc1459.eu,deegan,adams.freenode.net
krthnz,unaffiliated/krthnz,krthnz,adams.freenode.net
zymurgy,li607-220.members.linode.com,zymurgy,wilhelm.freenode.net
okand,185.21.216.130,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
worstie,unaffiliated/worstie,The Worst,wilhelm.freenode.net
Abac,188.246.204.195,Stuart,wilhelm.freenode.net
BFreeze,bas1-stcatharines11-69-157-42-108.dsl.bell.ca,Brandon,leguin.freenode.net
ThatOneRoadie,unaffiliated/thatoneroadie,Dwayne Elizondo Mountain Dew Herbert Camacho,asimov.freenode.net
Mr_Bond,login.punditnetworks.no,dbond,barjavel.freenode.net
fyxim,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-swrtgzatqokorjjq,fyxim_,wilhelm.freenode.net
Belliash,asiotec/constitutive/belliash,Rafal Kupiec,wilhelm.freenode.net
qybl,stupid/user,foo,niven.freenode.net
CurryWurst,2001:1b48:203::1:1000,CurryWurst,karatkievich.freenode.net
tmbg,2001:4801:7827:101:be76:4eff:fe10:8db6,Bob,karatkievich.freenode.net
sakuru_,host-69-146-210-253.anc-mt.client.bresnan.net,Sakuru,,,,karatkievich.freenode.net
chridal,unaffiliated/chridal,Chris,weber.freenode.net
Piper-Off,2a03:b0c0:1:d0::d0:b001,P4rtyV4n,niven.freenode.net
Casper26,2001:470:8:2d3:ff:ff:ff:ff,Casper26,karatkievich.freenode.net
tristanbob_WSU,c-98-202-244-20.hsd1.ut.comcast.net,realname,leguin.freenode.net
p4rsec,unaffiliated/p4rsec,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
bitlan,bitlan.com.pl,bitlan,asimov.freenode.net
whoa,unaffiliated/whoa,whoa,adams.freenode.net
kradalby,185.125.169.220,Kristoffer Dalby,verne.freenode.net
trash80,c-67-190-114-42.hsd1.co.comcast.net,mark,wilhelm.freenode.net
mcgil,89.21.235.194,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
Fr3d,fr3d.org,Fred,karatkievich.freenode.net
Gollee,2-249-152-134-no288.tbcn.telia.com,golle,orwell.freenode.net
sep,2a04:2740:1ab:1::2,Ronny Aasen <ronny@aasen.cx>,adams.freenode.net
hendrikz,104.255.231.68,hendrikz,tepper.freenode.net
sparx,fn.root-servers.network,Idle Rambler,niven.freenode.net
i3_Arch,unaffiliated/arch-xfce4/x-3361692,Blackarch,verne.freenode.net
Quimby,pollux.local.li,Got ZNC?,weber.freenode.net
LoRez,freenode/staff-emeritus/lorez,LoRez,tepper.freenode.net
square1,irc.nixbox.xyz,Michael Eaton,niven.freenode.net
mymy,vps236.buildnet.ru,hope, musoroque?,weber.freenode.net
byrdnuge,rfc1178.johnbergoon.com,byrdnuge,asimov.freenode.net
irv,unaffiliated/irv,irv,weber.freenode.net
mAniAk-_-,c-f21ae455.029-448-73746f7.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,aww yiss,asimov.freenode.net
Ekho,unaffiliated/ekho,Ekho,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mingdao,unaffiliated/mingdao,mingdao,niven.freenode.net
jero-,d54c0ab08.access.telenet.be,Got ZNC?,hitchcock.freenode.net
[Kid],cpe-97-99-230-41.tx.res.rr.com,Noneya Jones,card.freenode.net
newtmewt,unaffiliated/newtmewt,newtmewt,leguin.freenode.net
lyf,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lmgylwiwtgfrsijf,Lyf,wilhelm.freenode.net
perfekted,ec2-52-34-22-213.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
_0x5eb_,seb-hpws2.w1.tele.crt1.net,Seb,karatkievich.freenode.net
sney,d50-93-104-16.abhsia.telus.net,sney,hitchcock.freenode.net
Twoll,unaffiliated/Twoll,Twoll,hitchcock.freenode.net
Larloch,69-92-121-134.cpe.cableone.net,realname,asimov.freenode.net
habbasi,2a03:b0c0:3:d0::f4e:b001,Hameer Abbasi,sinisalo.freenode.net
Meeh,193.150.121.77,Mikal Villa,wilhelm.freenode.net
digilink,unaffiliated/digilink,digilink,rajaniemi.freenode.net
burso,46.101.207.87,matus.bursa,tepper.freenode.net
oystein__,putsch.kolbu.ws,ÔøΩystein Gyland,weber.freenode.net
dragonrider23,unaffiliated/dragonrider23,Got ZNC?,tepper.freenode.net
nybble,about/apple/performa/nybble,realname,adams.freenode.net
DK2,rs000042.fastrootserver.de,DK2,karatkievich.freenode.net
rrittenhouse_,tadstech.com,rrittenhouse,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nullniverse,unaffiliated/nullniverse,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Python132O,unaffiliated/python1320,Python1320,wilhelm.freenode.net
SB16,91.205.187.219,Marius Hole,leguin.freenode.net
Nat_RH,grump.tiredpacket.com,"Grump,niven.freenode.net
InHisName,c-68-82-168-144.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,ReallyNiceNameHere,asimov.freenode.net
bocaneri,about/linux/staff/sauvin,realname,asimov.freenode.net
ghostlight,ec2-54-187-97-144.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,ghostlight,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mackie,97-101-46-128.res.bhn.net,mackie,barjavel.freenode.net
elf,unaffiliated/elf,realname,roddenberry.freenode.net
ri4naire,rrcs-108-169-145-219.midsouth.biz.rr.com,ri4naire,weber.freenode.net
korozion,unaffiliated/korozion,Harry Showerdrain,karatkievich.freenode.net
SirNeo,2a01:4020:1:7::2,SirNeo,adams.freenode.net
nunchuck,ool-44c52527.dyn.optonline.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
bosCage,unaffiliated/boscage,boscage,karatkievich.freenode.net
vicious,c-98-228-45-13.hsd1.il.comcast.net,vicious,tepper.freenode.net
Taylor,unaffiliated/taylor,Taylor,barjavel.freenode.net
monty,unaffiliated/monty,cry some more,adams.freenode.net
phobus,c-73-204-74-25.hsd1.fl.comcast.net,phobus,barjavel.freenode.net
BGL,75-149-171-58-Washington.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,BGLWrK,barjavel.freenode.net
rich-,unaffiliated/rich-,GOD,asimov.freenode.net
evilman_work,87.244.6.228,4,8n a,adams.freenode.net
phonophobia,12.47.19.19,Ken Baker,rajaniemi.freenode.net
knowledgebomb,unaffiliated/vmjunkie612,purple,card.freenode.net
benevolent,217.111.185.11,benevolent,barjavel.freenode.net
sloth,faggotry.org,sloth,wilhelm.freenode.net
xnyx,74.208.148.194,xnyx,orwell.freenode.net
Oatmeal,2602:306:3676:c60:58f0:6b14:58b8:7862,8bit SuzieQueue,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tehreal,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-geqmrgrooupackeb,tehreal,wilhelm.freenode.net
Pavo,75.76.141.226,Henry Brock,sinisalo.freenode.net
Wintereise,unaffiliated/wintereise,reisende,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kephael,unaffiliated/kephael,PersonalJ,orwell.freenode.net
norkle,unaffiliated/norkle,2 dolla make you holla?,leguin.freenode.net
cultavix,unaffiliated/cultavix,cultavix,barjavel.freenode.net
readwriteerase,marmot.wormnet.eu,Rob MB,adams.freenode.net
mce9,unaffiliated/mce9,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
jayray,2602:ffc5:30::1:604,jayray,niven.freenode.net
ghenry,pdpc/supporter/monthlybyte/ghenry,Gavin Henry,orwell.freenode.net
HalfEatenPie,unaffiliated/halfeatenpie,HalfEatenPie,karatkievich.freenode.net
zifnab,where.are.all.the.sexypenguins.at,is wearing pants,karatkievich.freenode.net
jbondhus,www.jbondhus.com,N/A,karatkievich.freenode.net
watersoul,172.245.255.61,Irc User,verne.freenode.net
ff,212.98.160.130,ff,adams.freenode.net
Brownout,unaffiliated/brownout,Brownout,orwell.freenode.net
MTecknology,nginx/adept/mtecknology,Michael Lustfield,barjavel.freenode.net
gtTuna,d60-65-244-235.col.wideopenwest.com,realname,adams.freenode.net
azcobain,128.199.243.157,azcobain,roddenberry.freenode.net
skee,q.ro,skee,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jerrcs,198-50-138-187.bha01.nervex.net,jeremy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
om3n,wloch.co,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
hsmiths,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kzggzxmyaejrlwlv,hsmiths,hitchcock.freenode.net
oister,unaffiliated/oister,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
strange__days,188.165.145.245,Derp,tepper.freenode.net
miaows,rav.so,muh,wilhelm.freenode.net
misterpickles,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bjqbzautebzraiwa,Good  Boy,sinisalo.freenode.net
nielsk,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-phhatxwhqzsxuewp,Niels K.,sinisalo.freenode.net
tyork,irc.tracerofroutes.net,Thomas A York,sinisalo.freenode.net
ReGi5tRaS,bb219-75-94-82.singnet.com.sg,SaFeGuArDiNg.DiGiStRaS,weber.freenode.net
bandroidx,unaffiliated/bandroid,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
ack_,unaffiliated/ack-/x-5107311,ak,weber.freenode.net
Veers,ec2-52-35-235-79.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,veers,barjavel.freenode.net
GigaG33k,unaffiliated/gigag33k,Giga G33k,hitchcock.freenode.net
pppingme,unaffiliated/pppingme,pppingme,leguin.freenode.net
jlgaddis,pdpc/supporter/base/jlgaddis,jlgaddis@gnu.org,leguin.freenode.net
jesk,ec2-52-58-212-130.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Christian M.,karatkievich.freenode.net
mosinut,unaffiliated/mosinut,Mosinut,wolfe.freenode.net
kaleido,unaffiliated/ekaleido,adam,niven.freenode.net
damian,unaffiliated/damian,damian,leguin.freenode.net
_d-,unaffiliated/diyar,realname,orwell.freenode.net
samfty,61.68.59.26,samfty,verne.freenode.net
MasterPrenium,2a01:4f8:140:70ce:1:0:126:1,MasterPrenium,karatkievich.freenode.net
inire,ec2-54-213-3-250.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Hello There,karatkievich.freenode.net
tadej,unaffiliated/tadej,tadej,adams.freenode.net
supa_user,archlinux/developer/supauser,Dale Blount,wolfe.freenode.net
Drag0n,2601:601:4000:da79::7667,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
fork,unaffiliated/fork,wayne,leguin.freenode.net
imharvey,217-215-196-182-no236.tbcn.telia.com,pi,kornbluth.freenode.net
hkaga,107.161.172.95,hkaga,karatkievich.freenode.net
sartan,unaffiliated/sartan,sartan,adams.freenode.net
ventris,tinbox.nu,Sebastian Svensson,adams.freenode.net
hug,2001:19f0:5800:8402:5054:ff:fe11:d32,hug,roddenberry.freenode.net
XV8,d-216-36-29-104.cpe.metrocast.net,XV8,orwell.freenode.net
wanderer_,icf.org.ru,wanderer,niven.freenode.net
chmurifree,31-178-100-233.dynamic.chello.pl,chmurifree,leguin.freenode.net
NameBrand,atheme/member/namebrand,Name-Brand Handle.,niven.freenode.net
buckowski,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-lelzndryonqesijh,bucky,wolfe.freenode.net
mgeorge,unaffiliated/mgeorge,...,weber.freenode.net
Pinski,2604:4080:1103:8681:225:90ff:fec4:eb25,Edward Pinski,adams.freenode.net
chrisk1,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hnbnjynsinhfymek,Chris,adams.freenode.net
FortunateSon,rrcs-67-79-54-131.sw.biz.rr.com,FortunateSon,wilhelm.freenode.net
runelind_q,2a06:1287:2000:abcd:250:56ff:feb1:28a2,runelind_quassel,sinisalo.freenode.net
Plazma,freenode/staff-emeritus/plazma,Plazma,asimov.freenode.net
Palmar,107.170.123.121,Palmar,niven.freenode.net
Helikopter,h230n4-j-a32.ias.bredband.telia.com,Alfa Badrum,hitchcock.freenode.net
KenMatlock,63.231.92.41,New Now Know How,asimov.freenode.net
jssjr,wigeon.jssjr.net,relax,karatkievich.freenode.net
hjohnson,50.64.102.60,Hans Johnson,orwell.freenode.net
jimmychanga,wheeljack.bodiddely.net,Mom? Is that you?,karatkievich.freenode.net
igniferroque,ec2-52-0-66-59.compute-1.amazonaws.com,IgniFerroque,tepper.freenode.net
Hunger-,prodevops.net,EGO,adams.freenode.net
toddf,2a01:4f8:131:12d0:6066:34ff:fe65:3136,Todd Fries,niven.freenode.net
hid3,78.157.71.116,ftp.lt.debian.org / Arnoldas,sinisalo.freenode.net
madmattco,quassel.madboxes.cc,mattco,card.freenode.net
javelin,blue.javelins.net,javelin,tepper.freenode.net
GolpherNet,97-92-24-19.dhcp.stcd.mn.charter.com,realname,weber.freenode.net
Whisket,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qnbkdmlkakszigro,Whisket,wilhelm.freenode.net
WeAreBorg,unaffiliated/weareborg,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
Zed`,m5.savantnet.com,Zed,rajaniemi.freenode.net
cwesterfield-awa,66-38-66-149.pool.dsl.duo-county.com,ZNC,sinisalo.freenode.net
darkelite,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-evnyohgxxsutyize,darkelite,wolfe.freenode.net
frizianz,114.23.104.168,frizianz,barjavel.freenode.net
GrapeApe,xc.grapeape.org,deh,asimov.freenode.net
Jakmodii,c-107-5-123-143.hsd1.mi.comcast.net,Jakmodii,orwell.freenode.net
liviud,pho.ldcore.com,Liviu,niven.freenode.net
shamsway,2607:fcc8:bfc0:35:3d4d:163c:a923:58c2,shamsway,karatkievich.freenode.net
djinni`,68.ip-149-56-14.net,djinni,weber.freenode.net
Phil-Work`,185.28.212.96,...,sinisalo.freenode.net
Drag0n`,184.16.42.20,bidnezz,barjavel.freenode.net
hardest,2ProIntl/Cloak/Users/hardest,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
ondhest,109.203.21.215,ondhest,card.freenode.net
Straa,unaffiliated/straa,Straa,wilhelm.freenode.net
yoavz-,white.blackit.io,yoavz,asimov.freenode.net
toxikco2,cpe-174-104-157-139.neo.res.rr.com,toxikco2,card.freenode.net
E1ephant,the.ug,charles,adams.freenode.net
slonique,2a00:1e88:8:800::15,Nikolay,sinisalo.freenode.net
Sonicwall,c-73-10-139-144.hsd1.nj.comcast.net,The Chat Cool People Use,tepper.freenode.net
nickadam,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rczwytxlqkxundit,nickadam,wilhelm.freenode.net
es1,unaffiliated/es1,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
joikast,skalman.tech.dreamhack.se,joikast,hitchcock.freenode.net
kxseven,89.100.204.186,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Izu,ks366171.kimsufi.com,Izu,card.freenode.net
gejjo2,gateway/tor-sasl/gejjo2,realname,zelazny.freenode.net
javi404,pool-173-54-171-104.nwrknj.fios.verizon.net,javi404,orwell.freenode.net
plate,unaffiliated/plate,..,karatkievich.freenode.net
tabularasa,darwin.fragilegeek.com,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
logan-,irc.protiumit.com,logan,karatkievich.freenode.net
stochastix,unaffiliated/stochastix,stochastic◊©,wilhelm.freenode.net
baikal,107.161.0.78,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
k5tux,joust.bluecows.com,Russ,weber.freenode.net
Vlad,spying.in.room.641a.uk,vlad,niven.freenode.net
leprechau,c-67-187-127-110.hsd1.tn.comcast.net,a wee little leprechaun,karatkievich.freenode.net
mawnkey,c-69-247-120-7.hsd1.ms.comcast.net,mawnkey,wilhelm.freenode.net
jgreig_,217.172.131.135,Jgreig - 45014,adams.freenode.net
CCFL_Man,pool-71-161-246-19.sctnpa.east.verizon.net,User Closet,weber.freenode.net
DeeJayTwo,unaffiliated/deejaytwo,"Who?!",orwell.freenode.net
_kc_,sh-p0.isys.bris.ac.uk,Rowan Coleman,asimov.freenode.net
t0aster0ven,gateway/tor-sasl/iaeofjgskjb,I'mATree,zelazny.freenode.net
Igglybuff,46.101.62.129,Igglybuff,weber.freenode.net
Helheim,static-ip-69-64-50-156.inaddr.ip-pool.com,Galder,sinisalo.freenode.net
sng,unaffiliated/scarynetworkguy,sng,verne.freenode.net
tsnow,host-69-145-225-187.pls-mt.client.bresnan.net,None,card.freenode.net
andi-,unaffiliated/andi-,andi-,wolfe.freenode.net
pdm0205,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-euewqsdqebrdeafe,pdm0205,adams.freenode.net
iLukeBerry,unaffiliated/ilukeberry,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
DaViper,vm01-de-fra.vipit.be,Joe Astor,wilhelm.freenode.net
pffs,unaffiliated/psychofarmer,pffs,card.freenode.net
BuildTheRobots,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mkwawcdiinmhgetm,Me,wolfe.freenode.net
Preytell1,24-171-119-118.dhcp.stls.mo.charter.com,purple,wilhelm.freenode.net
xxpor,ec2-54-191-92-16.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,xxpor,weber.freenode.net
devster31,2001:41d0:1:a3af::1,devsterknight,wolfe.freenode.net
Askenfeldt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tbooufvbdbfiimka,M,adams.freenode.net
dwsheps,ops.acs.uwinnipeg.ca,DanSheps,barjavel.freenode.net
blitz^,202-161-6-232.dyn.iinet.net.au,blitz,adams.freenode.net
WarDriver,ec2-54-207-48-104.sa-east-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Either War or Driver,niven.freenode.net
Tyler,216.139.200.70,Tyler Adams,weber.freenode.net
jake332,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fiinachbskkcuiik,jake332,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jpw68060,c-76-113-16-117.hsd1.nm.comcast.net,John P. Willis,tepper.freenode.net
laf,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ceamydllxqslahto,Neil Lathwood,adams.freenode.net
LoopHoldYoaBrown,14-200-40-40.static.tpgi.com.au,bush,weber.freenode.net
GraNNy-,ussenterprise.ufp.org,crabby,card.freenode.net
hkkl,195.20.18.8,Henri Gr√∂nroos,verne.freenode.net
Hazelesque,lopsa/member/hazelesque,Hazel,verne.freenode.net
MushroomNZ,burrito.whatbox.ca,MushroomNZ,roddenberry.freenode.net
hypermist,192.52.166.127,#ballsacks,orwell.freenode.net
avdagata,212.116.75.67,avdagata,wolfe.freenode.net
kmey,going.ninja,kmey,wilhelm.freenode.net
Zombie,h200.203.186.173.dynamic.ip.windstream.net,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
Wheeze_NL|AFK,ZNC.BorstNet.nl,LPV,verne.freenode.net
yeled,spodder.com,yeled,adams.freenode.net
funabashi,103.219.22.121,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
bobey6,dialup-208-47-125-33.res.monar.ch,bobey6,asimov.freenode.net
fremo,gw-salamandre.liazo.net,Frederic Motte,adams.freenode.net
t0i,192.197.213.245,A CIRC user,sinisalo.freenode.net
c|oneman,vps.digitaloverhaul.com,cloneman,asimov.freenode.net
hexa-,glitch.linuxlounge.net,Martin Weinelt, AS6766,niven.freenode.net
Splatone,mail.tsihealthcare.com,root,rajaniemi.freenode.net
boblee,199.195.253.210,bob lee,rajaniemi.freenode.net
roxer,q.netatonce.net,Victor,wolfe.freenode.net
bumao,2001:420:4517:1300:5d66:b9a2:793d:70b0,Ê≠•ÊáãËµÑÊ≠£,sinisalo.freenode.net
qlp,188.226.164.229,alg,weber.freenode.net
nb,fedora/nb,nb,wilhelm.freenode.net
Roq,unaffiliated/roq,q,niven.freenode.net
rvsjoen,unaffiliated/rvsjoen,Rune V. Sjoen,wolfe.freenode.net
ddib,dagisdata.se,Daniel,verne.freenode.net
shabius,broadband-46-188-78-141.2com.net,*,weber.freenode.net
rooth,stuck.in.the.basement.at.fritzl.nu,tomte,karatkievich.freenode.net
mnaser,unaffiliated/mnaser,Mohammed Naser,orwell.freenode.net
saaam,207.81.149.237,saaam,card.freenode.net
HalJordan,ec2-54-191-139-181.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,BuffaloBob,asimov.freenode.net
Jezzz,unaffiliated/jezzz,Jezzz,wilhelm.freenode.net
MrPockets,unaffiliated/mrpockets,"John,asimov.freenode.net
bradjones,unaffiliated/jab,Bradley Jones,tepper.freenode.net
sh_smith,cpe-76-174-26-91.socal.res.rr.com,sh_smith,adams.freenode.net
jamesd,cpe-72-128-66-24.wi.res.rr.com,jamesd,orwell.freenode.net
bildz,108.214.11.236,something,karatkievich.freenode.net
happypen1uin,209-163-164-147.static.twtelecom.net,Unknown,card.freenode.net
erlend,178.74.5.25,Erlend F.,asimov.freenode.net
GIANT_CRAB,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xryuovxjulaewoji,Huiren Woo,wolfe.freenode.net
Atro,unaffiliated/atro,meow,karatkievich.freenode.net
Kingrat,2605:6000:1526:4063:3078:530:b139:6014,realname,leguin.freenode.net
Keitaro,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-lbgnaiqaabzctbdq,LayerBNC - At Your Fingertips!,adams.freenode.net
Olipro,uncyclopedia/pdpc.21for7.olipro,Olipro,adams.freenode.net
robgault,162.223.205.140,Rob Gault,hitchcock.freenode.net
auraka,napa.ruse.io,ruselabs,hitchcock.freenode.net
noonien,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sjrtafidojgkencp,george,wolfe.freenode.net
russ-_,rachael.nexus6.org,Russ,karatkievich.freenode.net
gizmachi,88.129.164.73,josef,karatkievich.freenode.net
K1rk,158.69.167.167,Kirk,card.freenode.net
koroded,smelly.cat,korozion,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Sarodj,unaffiliated/sarodj,Sarodj,rajaniemi.freenode.net
zz_CyberJacob,bouncer.bluesapphiremedia.co.uk,Jacob Mansfield,verne.freenode.net
shayne,d14-69-32-57.try.wideopenwest.com,shayne baudelaire,leguin.freenode.net
zikeji,209.195.0.141,zikeji,asimov.freenode.net
dhoutz,208.93.67.130,Dan Houtz,orwell.freenode.net
alvarezp,pdpc/supporter/active/alvarezp,Octavio Alvarez,sinisalo.freenode.net
wprins,dev.as15693.net,Wouter Prins,verne.freenode.net
matt_,ccpc-buzzer.bath.ac.uk,Matt,orwell.freenode.net
Lazydog,dynamic-acs-24-154-81-94.zoominternet.net,54,8It's a secret,barjavel.freenode.net
nicko170,44.136.201.130,Nick P,orwell.freenode.net
Tvilling,unaffiliated/twiner,Michael Leitet,wilhelm.freenode.net
vexe,whosurdaddy.fi,vexe,leguin.freenode.net
gile,unaffiliated/gilemk,Igor Donev,orwell.freenode.net
khanman,unaffiliated/khanman,khanman,wilhelm.freenode.net
RKenshin,kenshin.sg,Kenshin,roddenberry.freenode.net
lroe,unaffiliated/roe,Munroe,card.freenode.net
stoplite,unaffiliated/stoplite,stoplite,asimov.freenode.net
sepski,2a04:2740:1ab:1::2,Ronny Aasen <ronny@aasen.cx>,niven.freenode.net
zman099,ip68-96-83-80.oc.oc.cox.net,...,verne.freenode.net
Alternity,unaffiliated/tinycat,Alternity,karatkievich.freenode.net
sniffy,amstel.unixpimps.net,Ian Johannesen - http://perlpimp.net/,leguin.freenode.net
LordDread,104.140.106.183,LordDread,wolfe.freenode.net
montay__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rxlogzwawxckwcvf,montay,adams.freenode.net
physt,2600:3c02::f03c:91ff:fe28:190c,physt,sinisalo.freenode.net
rhia,2601:601:4000:da79:82ee:73ff:fe64:1308,realname,leguin.freenode.net
dfecgt,108-81-35-92.lightspeed.hstntx.sbcglobal.net,dfect,tepper.freenode.net
viscera,unaffiliated/viscera,bmc,hitchcock.freenode.net
zamba,flage.org,Marius Flage,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Rentun,ec2-50-17-192-246.compute-1.amazonaws.com,toast,niven.freenode.net
varesa,ec2-52-49-18-111.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Esa Varemo,wolfe.freenode.net
OldHoster,unaffiliated/oldhoster,Old Man,wolfe.freenode.net
iclon,38.140.23.90,realname,orwell.freenode.net
va7lnx,69.172.152.186,Don,wilhelm.freenode.net
t0mb0_,gateway/shell/firrre/x-rmsqoxnjggulehsf,t0mb0,wilhelm.freenode.net
hile,173-161-158-157-Philadelphia.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,Coy Hile,leguin.freenode.net
Vaevictus,207.177.72.213,Unknown,orwell.freenode.net
cgfbee,oc1.itim-cj.ro,irc log bot, http://moritz.faui2k3.org/en/ilbot,card.freenode.net
Visual`,unaffiliated/visualstation,Brice Lilot,wolfe.freenode.net
fall0ut,somuch.fail,tim,weber.freenode.net
nathani,2607:f2f8:ac88::,nathani,niven.freenode.net
diabel,pi3.com.pl,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
t3rror,24.26.9.164,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
Dalton,unaffiliated/dalton,Dalton,hitchcock.freenode.net
branto,pool-68-132-90-238.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,branto,adams.freenode.net
shakalaka,ec2-52-52-27-0.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,shakalaka,barjavel.freenode.net
effectnet,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-amsoqmsmhcyrvlxt,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,leguin.freenode.net
hotswaphdd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ujhunjzwtbmjdrtk,cash,card.freenode.net
jabettan,69.38.131.118,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
neuro_,login.blix.com,Haavard Staub Nyhus,wilhelm.freenode.net
dino82,unaffiliated/dino82,din0-freenode,karatkievich.freenode.net
cactoid,127.176.167.107.bc.googleusercontent.com,user,asimov.freenode.net
djani,101.ip-213-32-68.eu,Christian Colic,rajaniemi.freenode.net
semy_,hg8.stardoll.com,pelle,verne.freenode.net
TeMP_,217.144.177.31,Ivan,verne.freenode.net
nickzxcv,edi.schmalenberger.us,Nick Schmalenberger,niven.freenode.net
blaag,c-67-176-66-206.hsd1.co.comcast.net,black,wilhelm.freenode.net
nemith,cyanogenmod/maintainer/Nemith,bbennett,niven.freenode.net
vonsyd0w,66-168-214-41.dhcp.athn.ga.charter.com,realname,adams.freenode.net
caseih,LFbn-1-7942-109.w90-112.abo.wanadoo.fr,Pierre-Loic,leguin.freenode.net
genec,unaffiliated/genec,Gene C (may suddenly leave; life happens),weber.freenode.net
Kate304,plop.irccoders.com,Kate,wolfe.freenode.net
kidn3ys,ec2-52-88-3-29.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,Ubuntu,hitchcock.freenode.net
Realmy,unaffiliated/realmy,Realmy,karatkievich.freenode.net
scrim,fileio.net,Chris,asimov.freenode.net
oystein,putsch.kolbu.ws,ÔøΩystein Gyland,wolfe.freenode.net
scam,24.154.70.234,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
masterba1e,83.164.148.34,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
beerbroyy,mineralwasser.jesus.si,hans,weber.freenode.net
jotn,gateway/shell/tihlde/x-nhcvubqotzldwhjf,epleloff,asimov.freenode.net
AndyWojo,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ongealbblahdgfsk,Andy Wojnarek,wilhelm.freenode.net
moke,unaffiliated/moke,Moke,orwell.freenode.net
marus,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-gsagzwirngcubrgy,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,orwell.freenode.net
ToTo,244.253.61.188.dynamic.wline.res.cust.swisscom.ch,Salvatore Cuzzilla,tepper.freenode.net
up_the_irons,carbon.arpnetworks.com,garry,niven.freenode.net
dadrc,unaffiliated/dadrc,dadrc,kornbluth.freenode.net
tobsterius,tutrone.io,toby,wolfe.freenode.net
munky9001,gateway/vpn/privateinternetaccess/munky9001,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bjorn`,breakage.club,DISREGARD THE CONSTABULARY,niven.freenode.net
theacolyte,unaffiliated/theacolyte,theacolyte,niven.freenode.net
bbq_,stakka.errxtx.net,deimudder,barjavel.freenode.net
seoul_man,71-13-249-217.dhcp.ftbg.wi.charter.com,meh,niven.freenode.net
Valfor,unaffiliated/mrpps,Valfor,verne.freenode.net
Immune,47.145.46.247,realname,weber.freenode.net
salparadise,ec2-54-186-184-10.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,sdanelli,sinisalo.freenode.net
Tzic,hatshelter.com,Tzic,verne.freenode.net
psychoschlumpf,fu/coder/psychoschlumpf,Unknown,verne.freenode.net
chrisk,82.98.96.164,mrkofee,barjavel.freenode.net
orlock,en.crypt.net.au,*Unknown*,wilhelm.freenode.net
chasmo77,158.183-62-69.ftth.swbr.surewest.net,Al Turing,wilhelm.freenode.net
Kouklos,gateway/shell/xzibition.com/x-simwotzvcxhzclxj,Kouklos,sinisalo.freenode.net
Criggie,www.criggie.org.nz,Criggie,niven.freenode.net
smica_,88.132.80.188,smica,asimov.freenode.net
Lord_of_Life,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-fjncxyxeskzugpwv,I'm part of the Elite... EliteBNC,sinisalo.freenode.net
Symmetria,unaffiliated/symmetria,Andrew,karatkievich.freenode.net
meingtsla,unaffiliated/meingtsla,retrograde inversion,wilhelm.freenode.net
ghormoon,ghorland.net,Jiri 'Ghormoon' Novak,wilhelm.freenode.net
Raszh,64.182.114.36,Was I what you wanted me to be?,karatkievich.freenode.net
Spanx,213.152.161.149,sphinx,asimov.freenode.net
Sedorox,smartserv/cna/Sedorox,sedorox,orwell.freenode.net
BenderRodriguez,unaffiliated/foxhoundz,Foxhoundz,asimov.freenode.net
Zew,wnpgmb0538w-ds01-67-148.dynamic.mtsallstream.net,Amos,adams.freenode.net
boubou,unaffiliated/boubou,boubou,verne.freenode.net
neotic,d074.broadband.quicknet.se,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
ararob,unaffiliated/ararob,ara,card.freenode.net
mardraum,unaffiliated/mardraum,mardraum,roddenberry.freenode.net
folivora_,devnull.drwxr-xr-x.eu,_dr0p_,leguin.freenode.net
juaa,kapsi.fi,juaa,wolfe.freenode.net
cerebro_,2405:b000:205:3:0:b001:207:153,cerebro,wilhelm.freenode.net
FrFluffyBottom,unaffiliated/frfluffybottom,flightman,leguin.freenode.net
teci,p57bfe313.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Bjoern Heller,adams.freenode.net
Mithkabob,unaffiliated/mithkabob,mithkabob,niven.freenode.net
edong23,mptc-dhcp-50-50.mptelco.com,edong23,weber.freenode.net
Hachya,unaffiliated/hachya,Hachya,karatkievich.freenode.net
jge_,c-50-140-100-4.hsd1.fl.comcast.net,jge,weber.freenode.net
CheckYourSix,unaffiliated/checkyoursix,CheckYourSix,karatkievich.freenode.net
jaelae,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bmasbsbfoeojsffr,Jae Lae,sinisalo.freenode.net
t_acko,cpe-72-229-50-66.nyc.res.rr.com,tacko,card.freenode.net
Deeprobot,162.217.35.133,realname,orwell.freenode.net
Ljod_,gateway/web/freenode/ip.193.188.156.130,svanevit-n1.ministry.se/193.188.156.130,herbert.freenode.net
TViernion,69.12.11.85,Teriance Viernion,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nix-7,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:feae:891d,seven",rajaniemi.freenode.net
TacoGS,vhost.tacogs.com,TacoGS,orwell.freenode.net
uaides,ec2-52-54-78-152.compute-1.amazonaws.com,realname,orwell.freenode.net
effbiai,unaffiliated/effbiai,Idar Lund,rajaniemi.freenode.net
chets,unaffiliated/chets,chets,orwell.freenode.net
ws2k3,bnc.freegamehosting.eu,FGH / #Gamehosting Admin,weber.freenode.net
cyborg-one,185.145.107.89,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
davixx,madness.davixx.net,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
openbsod,static.141.169.46.78.clients.your-server.de,openbsod,hitchcock.freenode.net
Gunni,kjarni/gunni,Gunni,wolfe.freenode.net
Tsesarevich,fluxbuntu/founder/joejaxx,Otshelnik,adams.freenode.net
tmx2,96.53.37.194,dsfds,karatkievich.freenode.net
GeekNerd,unaffiliated/geeknerd/x-7777777,GeekNerd,adams.freenode.net
mmi,2a01:8800:0:250::103,mmi,wolfe.freenode.net
Syndrom,2a00:1ca8:18:0:1:14:65ec:4cf3,Foo,wilhelm.freenode.net
MissionCritical,unaffiliated/missioncritical,Mission Critical,weber.freenode.net
StevenR,243.90.93.209.dyn.plus.net,StevenR,barjavel.freenode.net
SPeedY,ool-944ad5b2.dyn.optonline.net,Me,leguin.freenode.net
^sAs,gateway/shell/xshellz/x-ltjsxqvxkuzxqsgc,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
nighty,d246113.ppp.asahi-net.or.jp,nighty,rajaniemi.freenode.net
stark,unaffiliated/stark,stark,adams.freenode.net
bsaggy,unaffiliated/bsaggy,bsaggy,tepper.freenode.net
nfsnobody,unaffiliated/nfsnobody,nfsnobody,roddenberry.freenode.net
phest,javate.com,...,wilhelm.freenode.net
nitram,superblob.com,Martin Sofaru,card.freenode.net
l4serb0y,crap01.wallix.se,Andreas Wall,adams.freenode.net
WolfShadow,88.97.3.169,WolfShadow,adams.freenode.net
hagbard,2001:470:1f10:10e8::2,hagbard,wilhelm.freenode.net
betheynyx,45.63.76.107,Public key was not set,wilhelm.freenode.net
runelind,unaffiliated/runelind,runelind,wilhelm.freenode.net
trevor_s,ipv6.gemini.panicbnc.net,trevor_s,wolfe.freenode.net
jomido,104.194.26.179,Unknown,barjavel.freenode.net
ReikokuKo,107.170.202.110,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
jestur,46.16.232.21,jestur,wolfe.freenode.net
fmajowich,107.170.62.167,fmajowich,weber.freenode.net
MarkSX,unaffiliated/marksx,Nein,leguin.freenode.net
Helio-,2604:a880:800:10::505:4001,Dylan Cochran,niven.freenode.net
LoS7SOul,a94-132-198-31.cpe.netcabo.pt,mastermind,adams.freenode.net
TheAbraxas,cpe-76-176-219-184.san.res.rr.com,Abraxas,card.freenode.net
bond,schadensregulierung.strombose.de,Vertan, sprach der Hahn und stieg von der Ente,kornbluth.freenode.net
disposable,shell.websupport.sk,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
phr3ak,gnet.hu,phr3ak,card.freenode.net
_bradk,CPE-124-190-253-55.gqle1.lon.bigpond.net.au,brad,tepper.freenode.net
willricci,69.31.192.147,evan,wilhelm.freenode.net
Kyosh,pool-108-54-183-251.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,Kyosh,card.freenode.net
MrLINK,212.51.3.232,root,tepper.freenode.net
CuriosTiger,terex.bigrig.org,Stian Oksavik,card.freenode.net
Paleo,modemcable141.80-176-173.mc.videotron.ca,Paleo,sinisalo.freenode.net
segy,pdpc/supporter/active/segy,me.,tepper.freenode.net
ThatDamnRanga,unaffiliated/wiretap,ThatDamnRanga,card.freenode.net
X123,74.120.223.50,foo?,verne.freenode.net
razorz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mgxenqnvskyysman,duno,wolfe.freenode.net
mrwangmaster,50-90-166-192.res.bhn.net,mark,karatkievich.freenode.net
koss,koss.downlink.org,koss,adams.freenode.net
cbdev,hieristdas.internetzuen.de,fnord,leguin.freenode.net
pinnen,unaffiliated/pinnen,Tommy,leguin.freenode.net
inked,the.inkedn3rd.com,dunno,asimov.freenode.net
Higgy,173-28-44-249.client.mchsi.com,realname,tepper.freenode.net
LaserAllan_,campnorthernlight.com,Got ZNC?,verne.freenode.net
typo_,yakko.cs.wmich.edu,Geoff Ginzan,verne.freenode.net
c00p,us.cooperlees.com,Cooper Ry Lees,adams.freenode.net
SleePy,simplemachines/siteteam/SleePy,SleePy,niven.freenode.net
gregwork,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gmmbkpcuhbfefouc,Greg Procunier,sinisalo.freenode.net
boxrick1,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qpxbbxndbdgjjvlz,boxrick1,orwell.freenode.net
tonhe,unaffiliated/tonhe,tonhe,karatkievich.freenode.net
Someonefromhell,unaffiliated/someonefromhell,and password to log onto db server,sinisalo.freenode.net
jwit,gw.introvert.ca,tears from the moon,karatkievich.freenode.net
madsara,circleeight.net,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
eirirs,dalvik.ping.uio.no,Just ask,asimov.freenode.net
kkj,irc.nixlab.io,kkj,barjavel.freenode.net
Anttof,2a03:b0c0:2:d0::487:b001,Anton,niven.freenode.net
realnot__,host204-54-dynamic.17-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,Mauro Crociara,barjavel.freenode.net
sloop,rootbsd/staff/sloop,markk,tepper.freenode.net
yggdrasil,unaffiliated/yggdrasil,Yggdrasil,karatkievich.freenode.net
twkm,rfc1459.net,"those who know me have no need of my name",wolfe.freenode.net
yotis,47.150.150.177,Yotis,hitchcock.freenode.net
pimpind,cockgoblins.net,pimpind,barjavel.freenode.net
MrNato_home,115.69.21.99,...,tepper.freenode.net
nighty-,www.taiyolabs.com,nighty,orwell.freenode.net
lowbyte,unaffiliated/lowbyte,SHiNRa SoLDieR - 038,wilhelm.freenode.net
tabakhase,unaffiliated/tabakhase,Christian Tabakhase Hackmann,karatkievich.freenode.net
Dev0n,unaffiliated/dev0n,Dev0n,barjavel.freenode.net
PennStater,unaffiliated/pennstater,Aaron,verne.freenode.net
bswork,50.25.8.198,bswork,orwell.freenode.net
bondibro-16509,aws.supadupa.cool,milan,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tsunami,24-111-248-199-dynamic.midco.net,Tsunami,sinisalo.freenode.net
House,198.23.129.97,somedude,adams.freenode.net
karstensrage,unaffiliated/karstensrage,Karsten S. Rage,karatkievich.freenode.net
ColdIce,unaffiliated/coldice,ColdIce,weber.freenode.net
K0HAX,testvm1.labservers.net,Michael Englehorn,rajaniemi.freenode.net
drant,unaffiliated/drant,Drant,barjavel.freenode.net
luckman212,unaffiliated/luckman212,luckman212,niven.freenode.net
mastermind,gatekeeper.kaltenbrunner.cc,Stefan Kaltenbrunner,tepper.freenode.net
adama,alpha.memetic.org,Adam Armstrong,weber.freenode.net
bondibro,aws.supadupa.cool,milan,wolfe.freenode.net
worg,unaffiliated/worg,worg,orwell.freenode.net
verve,hastur.io,v,card.freenode.net
zw,spider.pfoe.be,ask me!,weber.freenode.net
pedrovian,8.27.210.16,realname,adams.freenode.net
mrtnt,martint.data.ee,Martin,wolfe.freenode.net
patronus,94.23.17.29,or,niven.freenode.net
CustosLimen,unaffiliated/cust0slim3n,CustosLimen,tepper.freenode.net
srg_,vinkelvolt.se,Fredrik LÔøΩnnman,wilhelm.freenode.net
spossiba,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,spossiba,wilhelm.freenode.net
ufir,sploet.relinfo.ru,ÔøΩÔøΩÔøΩÔøΩÔøΩÔøΩÔøΩÔøΩÔøΩÔøΩÔøΩ ÔøΩÔøΩÔøΩÔøΩÔøΩÔøΩÔøΩÔøΩ,rajaniemi.freenode.net
z10m,198.20.67.6,Tom,card.freenode.net
mxhob1,ams.hobl.com.au,Nobody,niven.freenode.net
Farshid,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-bmepxhfyygphlrrb,Farshid,karatkievich.freenode.net
MadClown,ccie.tv,MadClown,barjavel.freenode.net
duper,ca4.blackcatz.org,-%-*Unknown*-%-,weber.freenode.net
tomocha_______,2001:e40:104::1,tomocha,adams.freenode.net
eas,samsten.net,Erkka,adams.freenode.net
The_Shadows,banaani.info,Unknown,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Farshidroid,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-fysnzncivqcqmsfz,Farshidroid,wolfe.freenode.net
voipmonk,2604:a880:2:d0::191:8001,Got ZNC?,niven.freenode.net
n13z,unaffiliated/n13z,Mentally confused since 1971,rajaniemi.freenode.net
precise,ec2-52-35-72-98.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,MrRobot,weber.freenode.net
colle,h-129-174.a295.priv.bahnhof.se,colle,hitchcock.freenode.net
shootbird,beepbeep.serverpit.com,shootbird,niven.freenode.net
prox,doublechick.net,Mark Kamichoff,karatkievich.freenode.net
Macfat,always.deice.aero,Rene Pedersen,karatkievich.freenode.net
dr0n,78.128.4.40,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
subtlepoint,hermes.upgrayed.net,got sub?,card.freenode.net
andatche,mule.andatche.com,Ben Arblaster,wolfe.freenode.net
Burgundy,5-12-92-49.residential.rdsnet.ro,Burgundy,verne.freenode.net
guampa,unaffiliated/guampa,g,verne.freenode.net
am0nrahx,unaffiliated/am0nrahx,am0nrahx,sinisalo.freenode.net
stevmills,69.73.82.92,Stev,sinisalo.freenode.net
markovh,unaffiliated/markovh,my real name is,card.freenode.net
Cheez-It,singularity.rsunleashed.com,Got ZNC?,orwell.freenode.net
EvilJStoker,unaffiliated/jstoker,EvilJStoker (Contact JStoker if I don't respond.),niven.freenode.net
sv--,int13h.nerdhotel.com,Schorsch Viktorowitschki,verne.freenode.net
syntaks,unaffiliated/syntaks,syntaks,niven.freenode.net
strange876ix,ckvlon17-1176062313.sdsl.bell.ca,realname,tepper.freenode.net
nask,5.39.62.246,nask,orwell.freenode.net
JuStIcIa_,148.255.10.6,justicia,sinisalo.freenode.net
busch,mail.datenschleuder.com,busch,wilhelm.freenode.net
ghoti,hq.experiencepoint.com,Paul Chvostek, http://www.it.ca/~paul/,weber.freenode.net
ds77,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jmnyomeboippqzda,Swathi T,rajaniemi.freenode.net
vxla,2607:f2f8:a9a0::e:8:0,vxla,karatkievich.freenode.net
myth20,94.242.209.17,myth20,tepper.freenode.net
Creamz_,k-os.se,bender,tepper.freenode.net
nando293921,64.189.57.243,Fernando,asimov.freenode.net
rogers,bling.bling.org,ZNC,karatkievich.freenode.net
Geeri,195.243.186.74,realname,orwell.freenode.net
Topner_,megaman.shultzy.net,Chris,verne.freenode.net
ZoB,unaffiliated/zob,child of the information age..,wilhelm.freenode.net
silveraw,198.150.162.6,realname,adams.freenode.net
eb0t,unaffiliated/eblip,ebot,karatkievich.freenode.net
pentiumone133,c-98-220-69-19.hsd1.il.comcast.net,Will,karatkievich.freenode.net
DraecosWork,202.137.203.9,DraecosWork,sinisalo.freenode.net
snacky,ikaruga.co.uk,Unknown,niven.freenode.net
barhom,185.9.2.2,Ibrahim Tachijian,sinisalo.freenode.net
phedre2,69.255.155.69,realname,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Harlock,2001:470:67:67d:1cda:c935:3b47:1d8d,harlock,niven.freenode.net
halenger,nat/dcunetworkingsociety/x-leexyzwmziukljad,Padraic,hitchcock.freenode.net
tomaw,freenode/staff/tomaw,Tom Wesley <tomaw@freenode.net>,sagan.freenode.net
civillian,174.202.49.122-static.velocitynet.com.au,Foous Barus,weber.freenode.net
N0rgs,homestar.cc.swin.edu.au,Norgs,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Atlas,unaffiliated/atlas-,Atlas,niven.freenode.net
r00twrh,73.44.33.86,r00tWearsRedHats,wilhelm.freenode.net
roe_,unaffiliated/roe,Munroe,karatkievich.freenode.net
jemurray,104.131.191.87,Jason Murray,wolfe.freenode.net
JustoStyle,61.68.59.26,Justo,adams.freenode.net
s4scha,ip-88-152-213-120.hsi03.unitymediagroup.de,sascha,wilhelm.freenode.net
DrMacinyasha,unaffiliated/drmacinyasha,https://macinyasha.net/+,leguin.freenode.net
net_tec,c-68-42-225-27.hsd1.mi.comcast.net,Bruce McKinney,card.freenode.net
falz,rainbowdivider.com,falz,card.freenode.net
Tristan-Speccy,213.163.67.18,Tristan,orwell.freenode.net
allan_q,162-225-93-126.lightspeed.nsvltn.sbcglobal.net,Allan,karatkievich.freenode.net
Viosa,viosa.net,V,karatkievich.freenode.net
Maxxed,ec2-107-20-252-119.compute-1.amazonaws.com,root,wilhelm.freenode.net
mplex,unaffiliated/mplex,Mplex,wolfe.freenode.net
|aaron,damagingsound.com,aaron,karatkievich.freenode.net
elfkin,app1.orb.no,harkar,niven.freenode.net
ShoaibJahejo,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-eavllgqagcqaadel,ShoaibJahejo,karatkievich.freenode.net
alamar,oops.kernel.de,Julian D. Seifert,leguin.freenode.net
martingc,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe67:d206,martin,niven.freenode.net
edgars,gurkjis.dtg.lv,zxcvbnm,wolfe.freenode.net
nellicus_,205.134.170.126,The Nell,wolfe.freenode.net
Gabemo,unaffiliated/gabemo,offday.tv,tepper.freenode.net
chad_,75-22-132-245.lightspeed.rsllil.sbcglobal.net,malice,wolfe.freenode.net
cereal,lanaddict.net,cereal,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dstaudt,ip68-12-210-238.ok.ok.cox.net,dstaudt,,,,weber.freenode.net
tapout,unaffiliated/tapout,Qt FTW,wilhelm.freenode.net
AYEHAN,111.68.108.74,3-12%3- 4J 3-12%3-,barjavel.freenode.net
odinj,178.62.200.221,odinj,niven.freenode.net
Pedr0,mail.univershell.net,Pedro,karatkievich.freenode.net
TheOmega,ZNC.BorstNet.nl,#Hidden#,verne.freenode.net
hunter2,donger/dongest/outside,outside,asimov.freenode.net
bamsefar,fiskar.krabbor.hos.televerket.org,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
ArexR,unaffiliated/arexr,Alex,wilhelm.freenode.net
nihe,sakura.kontei.se,nihe,barjavel.freenode.net
[hades],69.28.91.66,WHO NEEDS BGP ANYWAY RIGHT?,karatkievich.freenode.net
nadio,unaffiliated/nadio,nadio,leguin.freenode.net
Badgerpoo,172.245.248.170,= "Badgerpoo",card.freenode.net
glepa,unaffiliated/glepa,glepa,sinisalo.freenode.net
Giant81,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qnaygraaakfiqqti,balls,wolfe.freenode.net
Apachez,unaffiliated/apachez,realname,tepper.freenode.net
UncleDrax,auntieentity.mega-ton.us,Uncle Drax Todeszauberer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
bowser,unaffiliated/bowser/x-376428,clark,weber.freenode.net
wim,42.be,what the frell,sinisalo.freenode.net
Emantor,magratgarlick.emantor.de,Emantor,niven.freenode.net
tristanrhodes_,2001:1948:212:1030:39ba:7a91:f457:d6da,Tristan Rhodes,karatkievich.freenode.net
mutable_malachi,unaffiliated/malachiconstant/x-837457,Malachi Constant,asimov.freenode.net
mgodzilla,2601:601:8801:2c90:c9e9:e764:902e:7498,zillus_maximus,karatkievich.freenode.net
firemouth,c-68-60-203-94.hsd1.mi.comcast.net,firemouth,verne.freenode.net
saq,c-69-254-204-84.hsd1.az.comcast.net,...,verne.freenode.net
flokuehn,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-unflqlhhfioeudba,flokuehn,wolfe.freenode.net
jzu_,pupu.jus.si,Jussi Sallinen,card.freenode.net
Hamerhead,64.53.59.14,realname,barjavel.freenode.net
ltp,forkbomb.cn,lukep,barjavel.freenode.net
melooni,2001:67c:1be8::2:0:ec,Ukko,adams.freenode.net
zapotah,unaffiliated/zapotah,Jupiter Vuorikoski,weber.freenode.net
xous,ec2-54-235-149-93.compute-1.amazonaws.com,xous,adams.freenode.net
ThugW4ffle,unaffiliated/thugw4ffle,cliff,karatkievich.freenode.net
jidar,104.207.140.225,jidar,weber.freenode.net
z01d,195.154.45.0,zoidberg,sinisalo.freenode.net
Oliber,195.195.201.33,ehaworth,asimov.freenode.net
progma,ec2-54-213-148-116.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com,progma,adams.freenode.net
ProtocolNetworks,2607:ff48:aa81:800::7ada:1,Nope,wilhelm.freenode.net
Onionnion,ec2-52-7-226-219.compute-1.amazonaws.com,breaker,verne.freenode.net
gmci,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xryajivltesogxbq,Graham McIntire,karatkievich.freenode.net
simply6,vps.digitaloverhaul.com,This is it.,rajaniemi.freenode.net
lyftbot,ec2-52-87-216-15.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nobody,orwell.freenode.net
woodrow,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yecjdzutxydyswpk,Steve Woodrow,karatkievich.freenode.net
SmileyKeith,cthulhu.drk.sc,Keith Smiley,adams.freenode.net
wm-bot3,wikimedia/bot/wm-bot,wm-bot,hitchcock.freenode.net
Ryan_Lane,wikimedia/Ryan-lane,Ryan Lane,wilhelm.freenode.net
noise_,snail.rhave.dk,R,card.freenode.net
qurage,g249.115-65-73.ppp.wakwak.ne.jp,qurage,hitchcock.freenode.net
altyr,unaffiliated/altyr,nobody,wilhelm.freenode.net
rx80,93-103-192-237.dynamic.t-2.net,rx80,orwell.freenode.net
nahkiss,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xlgohapifhqwytxy,Oskari Kantoniemi,weber.freenode.net
fling,fsf/member/fling,fling,card.freenode.net
thewonderidiot,bog.hcoop.net,Mike Stewart,orwell.freenode.net
lel,unaffiliated/lel,lel,leguin.freenode.net
Infiltrator,unaffiliated/infiltrator,Infiltrator,wolfe.freenode.net
eswald,c-73-65-149-131.hsd1.ut.comcast.net,Eric,karatkievich.freenode.net
TC02,venus.arosser.com,Ben Rosser,weber.freenode.net
ELLIOTTCABLE,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qkatvegbxzvtudpe,Elliott Cable,sinisalo.freenode.net
dedmons,192.241.217.70,DJ Edmonson,hitchcock.freenode.net
TC01,london.acm.jhu.edu,Ben Rosser,sinisalo.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
peterix-no-quass,2604:a880:800:10::94a:d001,Petr Mrazek,karatkievich.freenode.net
peterix,quassel.woboq.com,Petr Mrazek,niven.freenode.net
Lymia,magical.girl.lyrical.lymia.moe,Moe Moe Power~ <3,niven.freenode.net
milki,milki.ircmylife.com,milki,asimov.freenode.net
esspapier,80-109-207-2.cable.dynamic.surfer.at,esspapier,sinisalo.freenode.net
F_XZ_,107.189.153.239,Zhen Xu,card.freenode.net
Adeon,necrofantasy.trankesbel.com,muskotit,tepper.freenode.net
cizra,23.97.169.1,root,weber.freenode.net
slowriot,borealis.voxelstorm.com,slowriot,orwell.freenode.net
Japa,103.18.170.188,realname,weber.freenode.net
Lord_Nightmare,unaffiliated/lordnlptp,Jonathan Gevaryahu,asimov.freenode.net
Mastermind1,bitsofcode.net,Mastermind,orwell.freenode.net
Mithaldu,cat.eatsmou.se,Christian Walde,weber.freenode.net
Hello71,wikipedia/Hello71,Hello71,weber.freenode.net
cschneid,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:fe73:9540,cschneid,wilhelm.freenode.net
StoneToad,ppp-199-167-119-5.storm.ca,StoneToad,leguin.freenode.net
fcseli,c-73-153-10-59.hsd1.co.comcast.net,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
angavrilov|,217.71.227.190,AndChat401249,weber.freenode.net
dillonb,ns504512.ip-198-245-50.net,dillon,tepper.freenode.net
lethosor,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-swfqnjkhfsuqhpcc,lethosor,wolfe.freenode.net
nadir,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xcnwmulefbkcjwwu,CYBORG 11. Buddy spike.,leguin.freenode.net
BenLubar,99-63-169-4.lightspeed.milwwi.sbcglobal.net,Ben Lubar,adams.freenode.net
xnyhps,2a02:2770:3:0:216:3eff:fe67:3288,xnyhps,karatkievich.freenode.net
Zerim,ip68-228-139-34.hr.hr.cox.net,realname,card.freenode.net
Bigcheese,unaffiliated/bigcheese,Bigcheese,wilhelm.freenode.net
bartavelle,2001:41d0:a:11cc::1,bartavelle,karatkievich.freenode.net
BobBarker,basedhost.com,null,weber.freenode.net
eroen,unaffiliated/eroen,eroen,leguin.freenode.net
milaga,2602:306:cd44:fb0:4cb1:b7a3:b41d:da80,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
_Q,2605:a000:1408:4032:21a:a0ff:fe13:6eb,Quietust,wilhelm.freenode.net
lastmikoi,vm-01.lastmikoi.net,lastmikoi,kornbluth.freenode.net
Philonous,unaffiliated/philonous,realname,leguin.freenode.net
kazimuth_,ec2-54-172-24-246.compute-1.amazonaws.com,James Gilles,wolfe.freenode.net
viaken,da1.hashbang.sh,dpflug,wolfe.freenode.net
dfbugbot,li109-186.members.linode.com,Supybot 0.83.4.1,asimov.freenode.net
ToAruShiroiNeko,wikimedia/ToAruShiroiNeko,Electronic Video Agent,rajaniemi.freenode.net
balrog,unaffiliated/balrog,balrog,orwell.freenode.net
txtsd,198.23.246.143,Herpington Derpson,asimov.freenode.net
BurnZeZ,feline.systems,BurnZeZ,adams.freenode.net
abruanese,45.63.76.107,not bob,weber.freenode.net
_jungh4ns,static.184.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,junghans,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Storvo,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-bdtbgbnwqtittoht,Storvo,wolfe.freenode.net
ChoHag,195.200.244.51,Matthew King,verne.freenode.net
EldrickWT,c-98-197-144-102.hsd1.tx.comcast.net,Jason Florian Walter Long,verne.freenode.net
ab9rf,2001:558:6033:16d:ccf:57fa:8f1e:b620,Kelly Kinkade,adams.freenode.net
Deamon,irc.thevoxelbox.com,Nick,adams.freenode.net
Xyl,c-73-157-2-91.hsd1.wa.comcast.net,noone,weber.freenode.net
Delvin_Asleep,104.131.50.56,Timothy Collett,barjavel.freenode.net
jj``,unaffiliated/jj/x-4082219,jj,adams.freenode.net
mal``,68.ip-149-56-14.net,mal``,rajaniemi.freenode.net
TooMuchPete,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xtgaedcnnztakhnt,Pete Holiday,adams.freenode.net
Karethoth,89.33.6.195,Karet,hitchcock.freenode.net
mifki_away,128.199.119.151,vit,asimov.freenode.net
Tuna-Fish,tuna.kortex.jyu.fi,Antti-Ville Tuunainen,leguin.freenode.net
voker57,kvirc/developer/Voker57,Voker57,niven.freenode.net
Odysimus,vps3.odysimus.com,Odie,asimov.freenode.net
EG_Work,213-64-42-168-no77.tbcn.telia.com,Electricguy,barjavel.freenode.net
Night_Shadows,213-64-42-168-no77.tbcn.telia.com,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Electricguy,213-64-42-168-no77.tbcn.telia.com,Got ZNC?,niven.freenode.net
Shades_phone,213-64-42-168-no77.tbcn.telia.com,Shades_phone,wilhelm.freenode.net
VHNgoc,gateway/shell/firrre/x-uoajkphdqkjcuebf,VHNgoc,wilhelm.freenode.net
zipp0,unaffiliated/zipp0,zipp0,niven.freenode.net
tuanta,101.96.104.84,Truong Anh Tuan,leguin.freenode.net
chungbd,unaffiliated/chungbd,chungbd,rajaniemi.freenode.net
manac,unaffiliated/manac,manac,leguin.freenode.net
n0bawk,40.87.57.33,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
hungnv,unaffiliated/hungnv,Hung,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mazes_80,mur31-4-78-210-220-201.fbx.proxad.net,Samuel BAUER,wilhelm.freenode.net
Cooly,unaffiliated/cooly,Cooly,card.freenode.net
jcisio|aw,LAubervilliers-656-1-235-48.w193-248.abo.wanadoo.fr,Hai-Nam Nguyen,leguin.freenode.net
C4NoC,unaffiliated/canoc,C4NoC,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
khanhpt,103.53.171.76,khanhpt,niven.freenode.net
luser,40.87.57.33,Sopel: http://sopel.chat,hitchcock.freenode.net
vcn,58.187.162.127,vcng,asimov.freenode.net
MistahDarcy,fsf/member/MistahDarcy,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
sokomo,2a00:1838:20:1::6154:92c4,Senkoukura F≈´jin,wilhelm.freenode.net
nobawk,unaffiliated/cationh/x-712324,Hieu D. Bui,card.freenode.net
hdhoang,14.177.63.49,hdhoang,orwell.freenode.net
valkyrie,unaffiliated/hydralisk,valkyrie,card.freenode.net
cmpitg,unaffiliated/cmpitg,Duong Nguyen,wolfe.freenode.net
MrTuxHdb,unaffiliated/-tux-/x-6875239,0x80,wilhelm.freenode.net
RotVodung,gateway/web/freenode/ip.222.253.109.166,222.253.109.166 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
mitsukiar,unaffiliated/mitsukiar,Mitsuki A. Rainde,barjavel.freenode.net
PutridCrab,unaffiliated/coconutcrab,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
navim,2405:4800:5e00:107:172c:fbe1:5b19:85ca,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Azelphur,znc.azelphur.com,:: www.Azelphur.com ::,niven.freenode.net
MonsterKiller,2605:6400:10:6ae2:1337:c0de:fee1:900d,MonsterKiller,adams.freenode.net
stuartcnz,182.54.175.222,Stuart Crawford,,,,rajaniemi.freenode.net
k0nsl,unaffiliated/k0nsl,k0nsl (i.am@k0nsl.org),rajaniemi.freenode.net
cl0secall,maybe.cl0secall.net,cl0secall,orwell.freenode.net
jokester,unaffiliated/jokester,mono,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Carbon_Monoxide,119247121106.ctinets.com,Carbon Monoxide,adams.freenode.net
erhandsome,unaffiliated/erhandsome,erhandsome,weber.freenode.net
MiggyX,irc.esperanto.hk,Peter Membrey,leguin.freenode.net
night,unaffiliated/adifex,Adifex,weber.freenode.net
Avenzoar,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-hhlmhngiflvleark,Avenzoar,niven.freenode.net
Crash-O_,095-097-154-202.static.chello.nl,Eelco,rajaniemi.freenode.net
iravan,unaffiliated/iravan,irc,asimov.freenode.net
Benau,014198173232.ctinets.com,Ben,tepper.freenode.net
muteki,unaffiliated/muteki,muteki,wilhelm.freenode.net
JDShu,162.246.58.84,shu,barjavel.freenode.net
undersys,unaffiliated/undersys,undersys,hitchcock.freenode.net
epsas,128.199.147.247,eeep,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
darkwhite,fedora/darkwhite,Eric Liu,card.freenode.net
miklcct,server.miklcct.csproject.org,Michael Tsang,karatkievich.freenode.net
Guest30798,198.7.57.176,linc01n,wilhelm.freenode.net
_onyx47,141-136-129-5.dsl.iskon.hr,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
Nyota,93.140.38.186,purple,orwell.freenode.net
Bojana,93-137-160-53.adsl.net.t-com.hr,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
Xenahkiin1,151.252.240.54,purple,niven.freenode.net
pooppants,unaffiliated/thevdude,thevdude,card.freenode.net
McBride36,unaffiliated/mcbride36,ayyy lmao,barjavel.freenode.net
AMorpork,104.251.223.40,AnkhMorpork,weber.freenode.net
Redkiwi,unaffiliated/redkiwi,Redkiwi,rajaniemi.freenode.net
DalekSec,ubuntu/member/unit193,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
in1t3r,unaffiliated/lordshiva,Marko Shiva Pavlovic,leguin.freenode.net
jaagr,unaffiliated/jaagr,jaagr,tepper.freenode.net
dmr,fsf/member/dmr,David Matthew Rolek (Dave),wolfe.freenode.net
tchebb,pool-108-20-213-147.bstnma.fios.verizon.net,Thomas Hebb,wilhelm.freenode.net
siruf,unaffiliated/motley,siruf,verne.freenode.net
kmicu,176.56.237.191,kmicu,wilhelm.freenode.net
sdhand,unaffiliated/kyubiko,sdhand,adams.freenode.net
Azelphur,znc.azelphur.com,:: www.Azelphur.com ::,niven.freenode.net
niko_20010,unaffiliated/niko-20010/x-4647557,naud,sinisalo.freenode.net
ali1234,2a01:4f8:162:4348::2,Alistair Buxton,adams.freenode.net
tripkin,S0106001a4d5acdf9.cg.shawcable.net,H0wdy D00d!e,verne.freenode.net
jgeboski,unaffiliated/jgeboski,jgeboski,orwell.freenode.net
soloojos,gateway/tor-sasl/soloojos,realname,zelazny.freenode.net
johpunk,unaffiliated/johpunk,lalo landa,wilhelm.freenode.net
diaspora-bot,ip-234-226-107-190.nextelmovil.cl,diaspora-bot,tepper.freenode.net
DyanneNova,cpe-71-68-115-234.carolina.res.rr.com,Nova,niven.freenode.net
DSLegends,blk-224-208-3.eastlink.ca,huggettm,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
JelmerD,vps.avolans.nl,Jelmer D.,leguin.freenode.net
pekster,openvpn/community/developer/pekster,Toaster,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Kins,kin.is.super.awesome.remuria.net,Chris M,karatkievich.freenode.net
chenxiaolong,carrot.cybolabs.co.uk,chenxiaolong,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
pdq,unaffiliated/pdq,pdq,sinisalo.freenode.net
chriss,unaffiliated/chriss,*Unknown*,orwell.freenode.net
Windsor,warthog.com,Rob Windsor,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
jamesarm97,50.57.85.57,jamesarm97,asimov.freenode.net
_methods,2604:a880:800:10::8e6:f001,deweechat,wolfe.freenode.net
idr0p,idrjmp.pbugs.pw,idr0p,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Mad_Gouki,unaffiliated/mad-gouki/x-8271160,alex,niven.freenode.net
underruner,unaffiliated/underruner,purple,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
dosman711,pdpc/supporter/active/dosman711,Chris Baker,karatkievich.freenode.net
diabot,unaffiliated/awaxa/bot/diabot,diabot,sinisalo.freenode.net
corvock,64.137.234.65,Corvock Jones,card.freenode.net
clarksonguy04,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lfpnbxxjfnkkpcfc,M,adams.freenode.net
awaxa,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-slzzymxcllknbepv,awaxa,wolfe.freenode.net
Seeker`,unaffiliated/seeker,Chris,barjavel.freenode.net
[0__0],ec2-54-85-45-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com,https://botbot.me/,orwell.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Pessimist,gateway/shell/layerbnc/x-cfzdgbtmebmrmqab,Microsoft certified Notepad engineer,wolfe.freenode.net
ReekenX,server.2gb.lt,Remigijus Jarmalavicius,card.freenode.net
antoviaque,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ydfwcxdyncjpqgfb,Xavier Antoviaque,adams.freenode.net
BradenM,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-humvivqddgxfyupv,Braden MacDonald,karatkievich.freenode.net
arbrandes,ec2-54-172-54-135.compute-1.amazonaws.com,arbrandes,barjavel.freenode.net
[hututu],adsl-89-132-7-241.monradsl.monornet.hu,toom,adams.freenode.net
hutu_wr0k,business-37-191-54-49.business.broadband.hu,toom,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Yana,autistenchat.org,BB,asimov.freenode.net
starly,autistenchat.org,starly,asimov.freenode.net
Bryanstein,shellium/admin/bryanstein,Bryan Smith,asimov.freenode.net
hive-mind,67.53.153.59,hivemind,karatkievich.freenode.net
rektide_,eldergods.com,rektide,orwell.freenode.net
jzaw,loki.dzki.co.uk,Jeremi,leguin.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
irsol,unaffiliated/contempt,irsol,adams.freenode.net
PBSandwich,unaffiliated/pbsandwich,jasper,asimov.freenode.net
dcrochet,wikiversity/Crochet.david,Crochet david,adams.freenode.net
guerby,april/board/guerby,Laurent GUERBY,sinisalo.freenode.net
maxime,unaffiliated/maxime,Maxime H.,verne.freenode.net
sam`,rama.bulix.org,Maxime Petazzoni,asimov.freenode.net
kos_tom,ks383786.kimsufi.com,Unknown,hitchcock.freenode.net
Dtrieb,2a03:4000:5:112::1,Daniel,niven.freenode.net
dogmatic69,164.177.154.223,dogmatic69,weber.freenode.net
sileht,gizmo.sileht.net,Mehdi Abaakouk,card.freenode.net
pmauduit,pedrov.beneth.fr,Pierre Mauduit,wolfe.freenode.net
PDogJr,unaffiliated/purpledog,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
Simounet,unaffiliated/simounet,Simon Alberny,tepper.freenode.net
cave,77.116.175.243.wireless.dyn.drei.com,cave,kornbluth.freenode.net
naos,unaffiliated/timmr,naos,adams.freenode.net
damjan,unaffiliated/damjan,damjan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
swalladge,unaffiliated/swalladge,Samuel,orwell.freenode.net
naos_,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-wprrcswhhjfbclhg,naos,leguin.freenode.net
isAAAc,pat35-4-88-164-240-246.fbx.proxad.net,isAAAc,weber.freenode.net
rolig,unaffiliated/rollig,I always lie.,wolfe.freenode.net
TheOneValen,nopl.de,Convos v0.99_15,wilhelm.freenode.net
moparisthebest,unaffiliated/moparisthebest,mopar,adams.freenode.net
bencer,smurf.cauterized.net,bencer,tepper.freenode.net
michel_v,unaffiliated/michelv/x-000000001,Trololololo lololo lololo lololo lololoooo,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
D_,78-11-166-135.static.ip.netia.com.pl,Dee,card.freenode.net
daktak,220-245-14-175.static.tpgi.com.au,Quassel IRC User,asimov.freenode.net
boxrick1,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qpxbbxndbdgjjvlz,boxrick1,orwell.freenode.net
eNBeWe,morpheus.enbewe.de,Nis Wechselberg,niven.freenode.net
fall0ut,somuch.fail,tim,weber.freenode.net
mslehto,kapsi.fi,Mikko Lehto,karatkievich.freenode.net
d3wayne,c-68-32-120-188.hsd1.al.comcast.net,dwayne,barjavel.freenode.net
myself,ignignokt.mudkips.net,Myself,adams.freenode.net
Stormgren,2607:f4b8:4:2600::2606,R. Stormgren,adams.freenode.net
Dregyon,208.73.45.3,Dregyon,wolfe.freenode.net
DrDeke,deculator.rustytel.net,DrDeke,card.freenode.net
supa_user,archlinux/developer/supauser,Dale Blount,wolfe.freenode.net
ptimmins,snorlax.mudkips.net,paul,wilhelm.freenode.net
nc8o,cpe-71-79-182-246.neo.res.rr.com,Rob McKrill,leguin.freenode.net
nwilson5,23-24-247-45-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,nwilson5,karatkievich.freenode.net
hl,unaffiliated/hl,hl,tepper.freenode.net
pebble`,unaffiliated/espiral,pebble,wilhelm.freenode.net
sar,cbrg-linux.ethz.ch,Steven Armstrong,card.freenode.net
APic,apic.name,A. Pic. - my name since YOLD 3149,card.freenode.net
ruskie,sourcemage/mage/ruskie,ruskie,adams.freenode.net
s4msung,karif.server-speed.net,s4msung,verne.freenode.net
telmich,gpm/telmich,Nico Schottelius,adams.freenode.net
XTaran,kote1.ethz.ch,Axl Jones aka Axel Beckert,wilhelm.freenode.net
mtgx`,hosaka.mteege.de,mtg,card.freenode.net
Creideiki,91-121-52-222.ovh.net,Ailesse's Commander,adams.freenode.net
darkschneider,2-235-167-8.ip229.fastwebnet.it,Gabriele Dini Ciacci,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
j0nnymoe,unaffiliated/j0nnymoe,j0nnymoe,niven.freenode.net
aptalca_,unaffiliated/aptalca,aptalca,card.freenode.net
danioj,unaffiliated/danioj,danioj,card.freenode.net
N3M3SIS,unaffiliated/n3m3sis,Retribution,asimov.freenode.net
meshuggah,meshuggah.ca,meshuggah,orwell.freenode.net
roved2101,unaffiliated/roved2101,roved2101,card.freenode.net
Bubba,meshuggah.ca,yikes,tepper.freenode.net
fractal,unaffiliated/scounder,fractal,wolfe.freenode.net
g2,gateway/shell/yourbnc/x-fmbddiepytagfvte,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
katesmith_,unaffiliated/katesmith,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
d20,spirit.gkhs.net,An extendable ruby bot,adams.freenode.net
Mekkis,nl.ti4200.info,emaN laeR,barjavel.freenode.net
Me-me,210.10.153.97,Me-me,niven.freenode.net
ccooke,spirit.gkhs.net,ccooke,barjavel.freenode.net
elf,unaffiliated/elf,realname,roddenberry.freenode.net
adrake,pdpc/supporter/active/adrake,Andrew Drake,barjavel.freenode.net
rofer,107.161.162.179,Alex,wolfe.freenode.net
nwf,unaffiliated/nwf,nwf,weber.freenode.net
gwillen,unaffiliated/gwillen,Glenn Willen,karatkievich.freenode.net
IN_AL_60H,linux1.csie.ntu.edu.tw,b00902107,barjavel.freenode.net
btrfsnice______,219.85.166.220,cinch,rajaniemi.freenode.net
CindyLinz,112.121.78.5,Cindy Wang,card.freenode.net
erhandsome,unaffiliated/erhandsome,erhandsome,weber.freenode.net
kanru,byebi.wara.tw,kanru,karatkievich.freenode.net
gko,2400:8900::f03c:91ff:fe70:e605,gko,leguin.freenode.net
czchen,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ctdfnxvjtjpabvxx,ChangZhuo Chen,niven.freenode.net
letoh,59-105-31-125.adsl.dynamic.seed.net.tw,stackvm,orwell.freenode.net
paar,2001:288:8201:5:3697:f6ff:fe80:4ed2,Unknown,wilhelm.freenode.net
cibs,118-163-170-73.HINET-IP.hinet.net,cibs,roddenberry.freenode.net
thinker,180.176.208.222,unknown,orwell.freenode.net
petercommand,unaffiliated/petercommand,peter,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
caasih,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fzavkwehbinqapdy,Isaac Huang,karatkievich.freenode.net
eternnoir,64.137.181.138,eternnoir,karatkievich.freenode.net
roscoe_tw,220-133-198-194.HINET-IP.hinet.net,unknown,verne.freenode.net
jojo_,gateway/web/freenode/ip.125.227.12.216,125.227.12.216 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
lancetw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qxzlcqitfeigbdsb,Hsin-lin Cheng,wolfe.freenode.net
keitheis,108.61.223.17,Keith Yang,hitchcock.freenode.net
StanleyHsiao_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nlzxyyyctxpruldy,Chen Han Hsiao Ëï≠Ëæ∞Áø∞,sinisalo.freenode.net
descend,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jsibnjxkrvtobrqo,descend,adams.freenode.net
b4284,gateway/web/freenode/ip.125.227.241.199,125-227-241-199.HINET-IP.hinet.net/125.227.241.199,herbert.freenode.net
b4283,128.199.246.141,b4283,orwell.freenode.net
whitglint,li390-163.members.linode.com,White Glint,leguin.freenode.net
_longines,static.183.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,longines,wolfe.freenode.net
kito-cheng,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jmeaejskmlptlvxg,Kito Cheng,adams.freenode.net
jksonc,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-otjjscpveiwebxmn,jason,wolfe.freenode.net
superbil,unaffiliated/superbil,superbil,orwell.freenode.net
wcpan,wcpan.me,wcpan,tepper.freenode.net
zeroplex,zbla.us,zeroplex,sinisalo.freenode.net
_13h,gateway/web/freenode/ip.61.220.247.190,61-220-247-190.HINET-IP.hinet.net/61.220.247.190,herbert.freenode.net
ch0upi_bsd,linux1.csie.ntu.edu.tw,r96006,card.freenode.net
zjason,36-229-108-187.dynamic-ip.hinet.net,unknown,orwell.freenode.net
foozle,office181.kiec.kh.edu.tw,B.F. H.,wilhelm.freenode.net
exc3pt1on,124.221-157-192.rdns.scalabledns.com,exc3pt1on,tepper.freenode.net
radishs,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tzobislbsqrfpswx,radishs,adams.freenode.net
NewCliCker,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hzwmiipktjvhojmo,NewClicker,leguin.freenode.net
gko2,114-32-172-194.HINET-IP.hinet.net,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
miaoski,220-132-188-217.HINET-IP.hinet.net,Unknown,card.freenode.net
maximum,d1.maximum.cc,maximum,asimov.freenode.net
glin,203.192.156.9,Gary Lin,wolfe.freenode.net
miklcct,server.miklcct.csproject.org,Michael Tsang,karatkievich.freenode.net
ij1iao,FreeBSD.cs.nctu.edu.tw,ijliao,card.freenode.net
pcchou,srv.pcchou.me,pcchou,verne.freenode.net
darkangel,61-219-221-85.HINET-IP.hinet.net,realname,verne.freenode.net
cloudcell_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-diiyzdfvwwwrrlwq,cloudcell,adams.freenode.net
hl,unaffiliated/hl,hl,tepper.freenode.net
toogley,cygnus.uberspace.de,toogley,tepper.freenode.net
fus,dev.rozestwinski.com,Rafal,wolfe.freenode.net
foote,unaffiliated/cmplxen,foote,weber.freenode.net
fairfieldt,0f.pe,tdf,orwell.freenode.net
ludocode,24-246-0-251.cable.teksavvy.com,ludocode,adams.freenode.net
Luming,nat/intel/x-pkzqsaxtdnutgxrh,Luming Yu,rajaniemi.freenode.net
moul,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mnodhmntplbtvzrx,moul,karatkievich.freenode.net
obiwahn,pdpc/supporter/student/obiwahn,Jan Christoph Uhde,card.freenode.net
Croepha,unaffiliated/croepha,DB,asimov.freenode.net
OnO,nanoant.com,Adam Strzelecki,wilhelm.freenode.net
l1x,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uecwlspyjkbfunmu,Jockey Queueing,wilhelm.freenode.net
wrmsr,ec2-54-193-61-240.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,Ubuntu,hitchcock.freenode.net
shirt,adsl-v01-3db14831dc15da1b.tau.ac.il,shirt,leguin.freenode.net
isomorphismes,ec2-54-243-213-161.compute-1.amazonaws.com,Ubuntu,weber.freenode.net
estan,90-231-138-16-no13.tbcn.telia.com,Elvis Stansvik,orwell.freenode.net
jaagr,unaffiliated/jaagr,jaagr,tepper.freenode.net
caw,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ywsvooxsctafmlvb,Christopher Wood,adams.freenode.net
salamanderrake,2605:a000:1229:c036:e1e7:7a87:804c:9aaa,Salamander Purake,wolfe.freenode.net
fotis2,2001:41d0:8:e5b6::1,Fotis Georgatos,wilhelm.freenode.net
trig-ger,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ywmreuslpukjrewu,Andrey M. Tokarev,adams.freenode.net
souther,2605:6400:1:fed5:22:1ac:61c0:e24e,souther,wilhelm.freenode.net
ILEoo,porogrammer.fi,Ilkka Ollakka,wolfe.freenode.net
Best_,2a02:fe1:3201:cd00::969,Jan Magnus,sinisalo.freenode.net
arnd,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wlewwyizcllshtvr,Arnd Bergmann,wilhelm.freenode.net
netoptimizer,x1-6-a4-2b-8c-a1-06-12.cpe.webspeed.dk,Jesper B,orwell.freenode.net
sungami,unaffiliated/sungami,sungami,wolfe.freenode.net
guerby,april/board/guerby,Laurent GUERBY,sinisalo.freenode.net
ghavil,unaffiliated/geekatcomputers,Wouldn't you like to know...,orwell.freenode.net
jow,srv.mein.io,Jo-Philipp Wich,wilhelm.freenode.net
pebble`,unaffiliated/espiral,pebble,wilhelm.freenode.net
Diablo-D3,exelion.net,Patrick McFarland,tepper.freenode.net
nshepperd,208.167.254.77,nshepperd,niven.freenode.net
KCinJP,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uhcelrzlcrioylun,KenC,wolfe.freenode.net
nitdega,2602:302:d16c:d021:4438:73ab:f30d:c9f1,nitdega,wilhelm.freenode.net
smithbone,owl.laptop.org,Richard Smith,rajaniemi.freenode.net
KevinDB,unaffiliated/kevindb,Kevin D-B,adams.freenode.net
movi,movishell.pl,gulp?",leguin.freenode.net
nahamu,165.225.132.70,nahamu,weber.freenode.net
nshepperd1,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:feb0:f445,nshepperd,adams.freenode.net
evilman_work,87.244.6.228,4,8n a,adams.freenode.net
rburkholder,199.68.193.54,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
idli,2001:2003:f3d5:1400:d0c4:27ff:fe79:b863,Markus Stenberg,sinisalo.freenode.net
JERowland,2001:8b0:9ba:8071:7197:669d:6a87:6f1e,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
sohum,pdpc/supporter/active/sohum,Sohum Banerjea,niven.freenode.net
luka,openwrt/developer/luka,Luka Perkov,rajaniemi.freenode.net
swalker,unaffiliated/swalker,swalker,karatkievich.freenode.net
nbd,unaffiliated/nbd,Felix Fietkau,wilhelm.freenode.net
doppo,2604:180::e0fc:a07f,doppo,karatkievich.freenode.net
jzaw,loki.dzki.co.uk,Jeremi,leguin.freenode.net
mal``,68.ip-149-56-14.net,mal``,rajaniemi.freenode.net
demonimin,unaffiliated/demonimin,demonimin,karatkievich.freenode.net
tohojo,unaffiliated/tohojo,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
RoboMWM,tf.us.to,RoboMWM,barjavel.freenode.net
vijfkilo,libra.thienpondt.be,mama didn't tell :p,barjavel.freenode.net
Turl,cyanogenmod/maintainer/Turl,<insert something here>,leguin.freenode.net
jg,2601:18f:901:ebb7:a11:96ff:fe75:1d94,Jim Gettys,rajaniemi.freenode.net
vdl,147.ip-167-114-97.net,vivien,orwell.freenode.net
F_r_e_e_m_a_n,unaffiliated/f-r-e-e-m-a-n/x-54687679,Freeman,wilhelm.freenode.net
Simon-,zemphis.uuid.uk,Simon Arlott,niven.freenode.net
wu-lee,575193cc.skybroadband.com,NickS,wilhelm.freenode.net
shabble,unaffiliated/shabble,Tom,niven.freenode.net
Alistair,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oneqsvfdhanrvmxx,Alistair Mackenzie,wilhelm.freenode.net
callum,cpc103046-sgyl39-2-0-cust247.18-2.cable.virginm.net,callum,orwell.freenode.net
McSherry,irc.mcsherry.space,Liam McSherry,adams.freenode.net
camerongray,unaffiliated/camerongray,Quassel IRC User,weber.freenode.net
greenhac,runresults.vm.bytemark.co.uk,Peter Jackson,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Aziraphale,higgins.sihnon.net,Andrew,kornbluth.freenode.net
tbrb,enucs/member/tbrb,Harry,karatkievich.freenode.net
gde,amparo.lethargicindustries.co.uk,Gareth Edwards,asimov.freenode.net
rjg,87-92-175-130.bb.dnainternet.fi,Rob,hitchcock.freenode.net
carvite,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,carvite,wolfe.freenode.net
apt-get-moo,unaffiliated/apt-get-moo,joe,card.freenode.net
buuugs,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-dhcolpyiuzxtqorv,Bugs,wolfe.freenode.net
nihtila,host86-130-209-104.range86-130.btcentralplus.com,Tomi Nihtil√§,orwell.freenode.net
tkerby,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jigfyomvkionahma,Tim Kerby,wilhelm.freenode.net
artag,artag.nkli.net,Adrian G,leguin.freenode.net
Jay-,gus.jp-hosting.net,James Addison,tepper.freenode.net
kline,freenode/staff/enucs.kline,Gareth,weber.freenode.net
sigmaris,router.sigmaris.info,Hugh Cole-Baker,adams.freenode.net
Shell,gateway/shell/matrix.org/x-lxcenqneaoungdko,@shell:57north.org.uk,karatkievich.freenode.net
gorzilla,ns329173.ip-37-187-116.eu,root,asimov.freenode.net
aaaaron,preapocalyptic.com,aaron,weber.freenode.net
edibot,kestrel.odvik.net,Edinburgh Hacklab,adams.freenode.net
integral,p3m/member/integral,Benjamin Smith,niven.freenode.net
skinnylinny,fez.tardis.ed.ac.uk,skinnylinny,wilhelm.freenode.net
yulax,unaffiliated/yulax,yulax,card.freenode.net
msuther,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rvtuckndbnvoqqrp,Mark Sutherland,adams.freenode.net
Stanto,li285-77.members.linode.com,Stanto,barjavel.freenode.net
hacklab-,lab.edinburghhacklab.com,Edinburgh Hacklab,weber.freenode.net
eggfriedrice,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-abwlymkjhdbmcyds,Al,niven.freenode.net
Erynnn,virtualfops.blyat.me,Boltovnya,wolfe.freenode.net
ww,fsf/member/ww,ww,orwell.freenode.net
anm,fez.tardis.ed.ac.uk,anm,hitchcock.freenode.net
analprolapse,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mdjtmvbbeakskzve,John Doe,adams.freenode.net
Kongaloosh,2604:a880:800:10::6ef:e001,nope,karatkievich.freenode.net
caitlin,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe69:4a81,redacted,niven.freenode.net
e,freenode/staff/spy.edk,Ed Kellett,niven.freenode.net
ms7821,rack.ms,Mark,karatkievich.freenode.net
richusx,unaffiliated/richusx,John Doe,asimov.freenode.net
rflot,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-eomcupmbeqebsltp,rflot,wilhelm.freenode.net
timvik,kestrel.odvik.net,Tim Hawes,orwell.freenode.net
KitB,ninjalith.co.uk,Kit Barnes,wolfe.freenode.net
miek,unaffiliated/mikechml,mike,wilhelm.freenode.net
martling,the.earth.li,Martin Ling,asimov.freenode.net
WSPR,unaffiliated/wspr,WSPR,verne.freenode.net
rhiaro,178.62.197.214,rhiaro.co.uk,wilhelm.freenode.net
R2ZER0,niobium.r2zer0.net,Rikki Guy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
nnunley,nat/google/x-sjzcsafsbrnkejzr,Norman Nunley,leguin.freenode.net
PuercoPop,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:feae:c11b,PuercoPop,wolfe.freenode.net
CompanionCube,unaffiliated/drmushroom,samis,niven.freenode.net
eMBee,foresight/developer/pike/programmer,Martin BÔøΩhr,wilhelm.freenode.net
FastJack,b2b-78-94-22-14.unitymedia.biz,Martin Maciaszek,kornbluth.freenode.net
SHODAN,fsf/member/shodan,Ralf Lindberg,wolfe.freenode.net
Plazma,freenode/staff-emeritus/plazma,Plazma,asimov.freenode.net
gko,2400:8900::f03c:91ff:fe70:e605,gko,leguin.freenode.net
tinchodias,152.169.114.136,purple,hitchcock.freenode.net
wajrou_,bejvalky.cz,wajrou,verne.freenode.net
surrounder,eternal-september.co.uk,surrounder,wolfe.freenode.net
avdi,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-itbkwoygqzimvnkw,Avdi Grimm,wilhelm.freenode.net
ggherdov`__,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kihzplutqrpubrwv,Giovanni Gherdovich,wolfe.freenode.net
lamneth,modemcable080.114-202-24.mc.videotron.ca,The Chat Cool People Use,tepper.freenode.net
NhanH,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nwjszdvrbnqdvtqu,Nhan Ho,wolfe.freenode.net
klip,gollum.klapka.cz,Tom√°≈° Klapka,card.freenode.net
troydm,unaffiliated/troydm,Dmitry Geurkov,verne.freenode.net
diginet2,107.170.146.29,John Titor,orwell.freenode.net
JoshS,172.56.16.200,joshua,hitchcock.freenode.net
sjoos_,a111225.upc-a.chello.nl,Joost Lammers,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Brinky,faui2k3.org,Daniel Brinkers,asimov.freenode.net
kabniel_,jonash.se,jonas,verne.freenode.net
sunny256,sunbase.org,√òyvind A. Holm,adams.freenode.net
ter0,unaffiliated/ter0,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
nuclearsandwich,50-196-152-129-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,Steven! Ragnarok,rajaniemi.freenode.net
sjoos,a111225.upc-a.chello.nl,Joost Lammers,rajaniemi.freenode.net
moggers87,2001:ba8:1f1:f27a::1812,Matt Molyneaux,wilhelm.freenode.net
ugjka,ugjka.net,UgisG,card.freenode.net
richardjohn,192.184.81.188,Richard John,karatkievich.freenode.net
facu,192.184.81.188,Facu,asimov.freenode.net
yarekt,unaffiliated/fx,Yarek,verne.freenode.net
craig,192.184.81.188,Craig,verne.freenode.net
joshyoua_,192.184.81.188,joshyoua,orwell.freenode.net
[df],ns378355.ip-5-196-68.eu,ben,adams.freenode.net
kasbah_,ec2-52-51-59-186.eu-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com,kasbah,tepper.freenode.net
mithro,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qncttiyftwgszozp,Tim 'mithro' Ansell,leguin.freenode.net
sandeepkr,103.49.155.114,realname,orwell.freenode.net
kitnic-gitterbot,ec2-54-167-188-36.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nodeJS IRC client,orwell.freenode.net
balrog-k1n,89-67-121-18.dynamic.chello.pl,Unknown,leguin.freenode.net
TrinaryLogic,yuukikei.0t0.jp,Jessica Mayo,wolfe.freenode.net
mpk,aggr.com,Mika Pruikkonen,asimov.freenode.net
fs,wikipedia/flamingspinach,flamingspinach,card.freenode.net
rodgort,68.ip-149-56-14.net,rodgort,card.freenode.net
salyavin,gokuraku.fcac.com,salyavin,barjavel.freenode.net
carvite,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,carvite,wolfe.freenode.net
idjut,ulrik.uio.no,Unknown,card.freenode.net
devyn,oftn/oswg-board/devyn,Devyn Cairns,weber.freenode.net
mathrick,107-128-49-120.lightspeed.sntcca.sbcglobal.net,Maciej Katafiasz,adams.freenode.net
sneep,unaffiliated/sneep,snip,hitchcock.freenode.net
lemtzas,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nwjschssuexpjeka,Lemtzas,orwell.freenode.net
ProdigySim,rufius.xen.prgmr.com,RalphNader,weber.freenode.net
Rollabunna,2400:2410:2841:f000:5038:3691:260:5434,Rollabunna,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Nimda3,unaffiliated/noother/bot/nimda,noother's new bot,orwell.freenode.net
Nimda,unaffiliated/noother/bot/nimda,noother's Bot,adams.freenode.net
noother,unaffiliated/noother,noother,adams.freenode.net
heinrich5991,unaffiliated/heinrich5991,heinrich5991,rajaniemi.freenode.net
livinskull,unaffiliated/livinskull,livinskull,adams.freenode.net
sceptiQ,vm01.rootiniert.org,just part of the Q...,wilhelm.freenode.net
yawkat,cats.coffee,Jonas Konrad,wilhelm.freenode.net
eeemsi,mist.shells.noname-ev.de,msi,niven.freenode.net
ypnos,lme51.informatik.uni-erlangen.de,Johannes Jordan,card.freenode.net
_flow__,star.geekplace.eu,none,leguin.freenode.net
hecliunyx,45.63.76.107,hecliunyx,leguin.freenode.net
echarlie,2a00:1768:1001:37:d873:59d9:968f:3663,irc-user,wilhelm.freenode.net
pincy,mail.nohackers.org,pincy,karatkievich.freenode.net
Guest66666,nyaa.kragniz.eu,nyaa,weber.freenode.net
turmfalke,p5DCE035C.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,Turmfalke,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Geee`,176.160.221.71,Geee,tepper.freenode.net
raoulb,stateless.vsos.ethz.ch,weechat,card.freenode.net
_iwc,static.184.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,wilhelm.freenode.net
HolySmoke,localhorst.tv,Daniel Karbach,orwell.freenode.net
phantom94,cloud.tomvanderlee.com,Tom,barjavel.freenode.net
Spritzgebaeck,srakel01.rackmonkey.de,Spritzgebaeck,niven.freenode.net
eto,unaffiliated/eto,eto,hitchcock.freenode.net
meskarune,unaffiliated/meskarune,Dolores Portalatin,karatkievich.freenode.net
ideasman42,220-253-124-20.dyn.iinet.net.au,Campbell Barton,sinisalo.freenode.net
Treak,libra.uberspace.de,Edward Wong Hau Pepelu Tivrusky IV,verne.freenode.net
engy_,81-233-118-199-no78.tbcn.telia.com,User Engy,verne.freenode.net
sdothum,dsl-173-206-130-99.tor.primus.ca,Steven Hum,weber.freenode.net
FireFly,freenode/staff/firefly,FireFly,verne.freenode.net
fireglow,2001:bc8:3353:200::1337,fireglow,wolfe.freenode.net
yushyin,karif.server-speed.net,yushyin,wilhelm.freenode.net
carvite,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,carvite,wolfe.freenode.net
i7c,unaffiliated/i7c,i7c,adams.freenode.net
StealthyLoner,laiton.uhka.us,StealthyLoner,asimov.freenode.net
Smasher816|afk,Off.To.Wonderland.PanicBNC.org,Smasher816,karatkievich.freenode.net
thorsten`,apus.uberspace.de,Thorsten W.,weber.freenode.net
fiete,qutebrowser/user/fiete,V155,card.freenode.net
klonfish,unaffiliated/klonfish,Niklas,niven.freenode.net
Rasi,archlinux/support/rasi,Rasmus Steinke,sinisalo.freenode.net
picooz,hyperion.starwing.fr,O_o,wolfe.freenode.net
Lutin`,schlegel.us,Sam,verne.freenode.net
adaedra,ruby/staff/adaedra,Ad√¶dra,rajaniemi.freenode.net
SAL9000,101.166.208.194,SAL9000,card.freenode.net
tomabrafix,tomabrafix.de,Tom Kunze,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Marc3l,2a01:4f8:151:22a3::4,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
el8__,2001:41d0:d:364d::1,h0y,wilhelm.freenode.net
rudi_s,ruderich.eu,Simon Ruderich,adams.freenode.net
pebble`,unaffiliated/espiral,pebble,wilhelm.freenode.net
christoph_debian,92.43.111.21,Christoph Egger,card.freenode.net
Ferus,qutebrowser/user/Ferus,Ferus Castor,sinisalo.freenode.net
hpd,hpdeifel.de,Hans-Peter Deifel,weber.freenode.net
Obbi,u5b.de,Obbi,niven.freenode.net
thevdude,unaffiliated/thevdude,thevdude,card.freenode.net
Qui_Sum,kiste.informatik.uni-erlangen.de,Philipp,leguin.freenode.net
e,freenode/staff/spy.edk,Ed Kellett,niven.freenode.net
mightymo,atria.uberspace.de,mightym0,leguin.freenode.net
maxfragg,horologium.uberspace.de,mxk,card.freenode.net
hrnz,unaffiliated/hrnz,hrnz,hitchcock.freenode.net
preisi,prei.si,preisi,weber.freenode.net
koltrast,h77-53-57-114.cust.se.alltele.net,koltrast,leguin.freenode.net
Guest62501,82.192.71.187,xiii,tepper.freenode.net
The-Compiler,qutebrowser/dev/The-Compiler,Florian Bruhin,adams.freenode.net
klesk,unaffiliated/klesk,klesk,kornbluth.freenode.net
johnLate,lexington.scnr.net,johnLate,weber.freenode.net
oddmunds,t.oddmundo.com,oddmunds,hitchcock.freenode.net
shmibs,shmibbles.me,Katherine,asimov.freenode.net
bkero,osuosl/staff/bkero,bkero,adams.freenode.net
tg,unaffiliated/tg,tg,karatkievich.freenode.net
dario`,nat/friedrich-alexander/x-jmkffxknyehcxljn,johannes,wilhelm.freenode.net
gardouille,andarta.libricks.net,gardouille,barjavel.freenode.net
FruitieX,213-243-147-96.bb.dnainternet.fi,Rasmus Eskola,karatkievich.freenode.net
meisterT,mail.bytecast.de,Tobias Werth,leguin.freenode.net
Mullet,xd.informatik.uni-erlangen.de,Mullet,rajaniemi.freenode.net
JeffM,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vzkfxmxblywxhurj,Jeffrey Myers,wolfe.freenode.net
macsforme,bzflag/developer/Constitution,Joshua Bodine,karatkievich.freenode.net
allejo,bzflag/developer/allejo,allejo,leguin.freenode.net
BulletCatcher,bzflag/developer/BulletCatcher,Bullet Catcher,weber.freenode.net
rubbbber-duck,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kpcfmafgmrevywwv,rubbbber-duck,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kierra,unaffiliated/kierra,Esculapia,wilhelm.freenode.net
the_map,unaffiliated/the-map/x-1795707,the map,verne.freenode.net
Shuist,ppp203-122-213-220.static.internode.on.net,...,tepper.freenode.net
blast007,bzflag/developer/Blast,blast,tepper.freenode.net
alezakos,bzflag/developer/alezakos,kongr45gpen,niven.freenode.net
Zombiak,kewlnet.tk,zomg,wolfe.freenode.net
j00ru,80-219-208-230.dclient.hispeed.ch,j00ru,asimov.freenode.net
djcool,2001:470:71:1cd::88,jestem nagi,wolfe.freenode.net
aod,kewlnet.tk,aod,niven.freenode.net
Magik6k,magik6k.net,Magik6k,sinisalo.freenode.net
kiitsch,2001:470:71:3f6::2,Durnio Displasius,hobana.freenode.net
charibo,078088239019.lubin.vectranet.pl,Charibo,orwell.freenode.net
mrx1,unaffiliated/mrx1,k,adams.freenode.net
mdsrv,078088239019.lubin.vectranet.pl,mdsrv,verne.freenode.net
fydel_,p57993E79.dip0.t-ipconnect.de,realname,orwell.freenode.net
zekesonxx,prunty.zekesonxx.com,Zeke Sonxx,asimov.freenode.net
RadSurfer,cpe-174-104-66-60.neo.res.rr.com,realname,card.freenode.net
salluc69,host242-221-dynamic.14-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,Luciano Salerno,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Ploodyv3,p5DCEDCD2.dip0.t-ipconnect.de, :Ploodyv3,weber.freenode.net
Not-ba84,198.199.82.216,Notifico! - http://n.tkte.ch/,asimov.freenode.net
St_W,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bsejtfhkyhvzuygb,St.W.,wolfe.freenode.net
cvhc,103.192.224.177,weechat,hitchcock.freenode.net
chenshaoju,111.172.177.42,Shaoju Chen,verne.freenode.net
StardustX,45.32.34.65,realname,verne.freenode.net
wenfeng,unaffiliated/wenfeng,wenfeng,orwell.freenode.net
liangc,118.26.140.42,liangc,niven.freenode.net
draynium,45.63.76.107,needs coffee,rajaniemi.freenode.net
pity,183.17.252.70,pity,leguin.freenode.net
_hanhart,static.141.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,barjavel.freenode.net
vcoinminer,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pcqrwxqnpdodwrcu,vcoinminer,wilhelm.freenode.net
OO_after,unaffiliated/brisk/x-1655957,ÊåÇÊú∫,adams.freenode.net
Chobits,luna.com.tw,Chobits,orwell.freenode.net
shuduo,33.93.189.91.lcy-02.canonistack.canonical.com,shuduo,verne.freenode.net
zhxt,124.202.185.26,Zhang Xingtao,karatkievich.freenode.net
Ian|zh_CN,222.64.32.148,Ian Li,rajaniemi.freenode.net
BinLi,opensuse/member/BinLi,BinLi,asimov.freenode.net
iamfredng,113.108.171.186,fred ng,adams.freenode.net
Niac,113.102.161.163,U-admin-PC\Niac,tepper.freenode.net
roylez,unaffiliated/roylez,roylez,sinisalo.freenode.net
\u,sjtug/member/MaskRay,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
`z,wikipedia/Zhaofeng-Li,Zhaofeng Li,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
darkwhite,fedora/darkwhite,Eric Liu,card.freenode.net
tonghuix,fedora/tonghuix,Tong Hui,karatkievich.freenode.net
violetzijing,116.213.116.2,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
yunfan,unaffiliated/yunfan,jyf,adams.freenode.net
lainme,unaffiliated/lainme,lainme,adams.freenode.net
labrador,unaffiliated/labrador,labrador,wolfe.freenode.net
anyofyou_,60.30.141.4,Lucas Liu,tepper.freenode.net
liuxg,123.119.100.220,liuxg,karatkievich.freenode.net
MangHuoEr,unaffiliated/imtxc,imtxc,orwell.freenode.net
FJKong,ubuntu/member/FJKong,FJKong,niven.freenode.net
ToaNii,fsf/member/ToaNii,ToaNii,barjavel.freenode.net
wzhd,74.70.32a9.ip4.static.sl-reverse.com,wzhd,niven.freenode.net
onlylove,gateway/web/freenode/ip.208.91.1.34,208.91.1.34 - http://webchat.freenode.net,herbert.freenode.net
KexyBiscuit,103.192.224.22,Kexy Biscuit,barjavel.freenode.net
rivershang,49.92.104.40,rivershang,verne.freenode.net
BenjaminDeuter,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-crmhqqofbogtvvog,Benjamin Deuter,leguin.freenode.net
Zesty_,unaffiliated/zestybaby,Zesty,asimov.freenode.net
YP-Cloud____,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xxutvbszrfzhhuqs,Yuanpeng Zhang,weber.freenode.net
Taggnostr,host95-6-dynamic.50-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,Ezio Melotti,card.freenode.net
^k^,unaffiliated/kves,sevk,karatkievich.freenode.net
uuair_,li857-131.members.linode.com,Unknown,weber.freenode.net
ubrl,unaffiliated/sevkme,bot,wilhelm.freenode.net
chihchun,218-161-0-222.HINET-IP.hinet.net,Rex Tsai,sinisalo.freenode.net
NewCliCker,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hzwmiipktjvhojmo,NewClicker,leguin.freenode.net
dantmnf,unaffiliated/dantmnf,dantmnf,niven.freenode.net
sinxccc,unaffiliated/sinxccc,sinxccc,card.freenode.net
syq_,2001:da8:20f:4425:250:56ff:fe8c:2587,YunQiang Su,wolfe.freenode.net
alvin_rxg,151.80.246.63,alvin,asimov.freenode.net
zwindl,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-lrebmbdqhdqnbgzd,zwindl,karatkievich.freenode.net
farseerfc,archlinux/tu/farseerfc,farseerfc,wilhelm.freenode.net
urlgrabber,li1195-32.members.linode.com,urlgrabber,karatkievich.freenode.net
huntxu,ec2-52-69-8-38.ap-northeast-1.compute.amazonaws.com,hunt,card.freenode.net
alexxxey,unaffiliated/alexxey,Alexey,orwell.freenode.net
yuning,116.213.116.2,Yu Ning,karatkievich.freenode.net
kingkongmok,219.137.213.82,kingkongmokATgmailDOTcom,barjavel.freenode.net
necomancer,unaffiliated/necomancer,sr,card.freenode.net
ubot9,ubuntu/bot/ubot93,Ubuntu OP's bot.,weber.freenode.net
felixonmars,archlinux/developer/felixonmars,Felix Yan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
freeflying,128.199.215.209,Zhengpeng Hou,asimov.freenode.net
vipzrx,108.61.246.237,vipzrx,sinisalo.freenode.net
jackyu,218.76.23.26,jackyu,leguin.freenode.net
shengyao_,2400:8901::f03c:91ff:fedb:b2e4,Shengyao_Xue,niven.freenode.net
Kei_N,unaffiliated/kei/x-756452,User,asimov.freenode.net
foka,198-48-139-3.cpe.pppoe.ca,Anthony Fok,barjavel.freenode.net
inara,68.ip-149-56-14.net,inara,karatkievich.freenode.net
exc3pt1on,124.221-157-192.rdns.scalabledns.com,exc3pt1on,tepper.freenode.net
ejy,114.102.249.11,ejy,orwell.freenode.net
Meow-J,45.32.34.121,Meow-J,tepper.freenode.net
zjed,180.110.27.217,zjed,weber.freenode.net
dwl301,111.204.77.66,dwl301,card.freenode.net
andyhuzhill,14.23.45.178,andyhuzhill,sinisalo.freenode.net
ubuntulog,ubuntu/bot/ubuntulog,log bot:: contact rt@ubuntu.com,adams.freenode.net
happyaron,ubuntu/member/happyaron,Aron Xu,niven.freenode.net
T-2000,unaffiliated/t-2000,realname,leguin.freenode.net
revi,wikimedia/-revi,revi - https://revi.xyz,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Helpmebot,wikimedia/bot/helpmebot,Helpmebot (helpmebot@helpmebot.org.uk) - IRC bot,wolfe.freenode.net
JD|cloud,wikimedia/Jasper-Deng,Jasper,leguin.freenode.net
keenerd,archlinux/trusteduser/keenerd,kyle,asimov.freenode.net
breezy___,CPE84948c9114e1-CM84948c9114e0.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com,breezy_,leguin.freenode.net
toBecnuonnA,alphacentauri.ramacher.at,None,adams.freenode.net
mariorz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gfpsqhlglwjuopaq,mario romero,rajaniemi.freenode.net
asadpanda,2001:470:c09d:24:250:56ff:fe89:4392,asadpanda,wolfe.freenode.net
sparr,pdpc/supporter/active/sparr,sparr,niven.freenode.net
[Arfrever],apache/committer/Arfrever,Arfrever Frehtes Taifersar Arahesis,niven.freenode.net
ballingt,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-etuyysoqqfvkvays,Thomas Ballinger,wilhelm.freenode.net
ikanobori,python/site-packages/ikanobori,ikanobori,leguin.freenode.net
derek_v,cpe-70-95-160-136.san.res.rr.com,Derek,card.freenode.net
Stealth,sourcemage/archon/stealth,V,rajaniemi.freenode.net
tos9,python/site-packages/tos9,Julian Berman,weber.freenode.net
Sebastinas,alphacentauri.ramacher.at,Sebastinas,adams.freenode.net
topi`,kaverit.org,Topi Kanerva,wolfe.freenode.net
tdjb,2ds.eu,tdjb,asimov.freenode.net
Elitre,wikimedia/Elitre,Elitre,wilhelm.freenode.net
dMaggot,gateway/shell/kde/x-bwtqfkldaugobsji,David Narvaez,adams.freenode.net
bendikz,unaffiliated/bendikz,Bendik,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Izhidez,wikipedia/DeltaQuad,Izhidez,weber.freenode.net
abartov,wikimedia/Ijon,Asaf Bartov,card.freenode.net
warpath,wikimedia/Cometstyles,John Doe,verne.freenode.net
kenansulayman,185.38.14.119,kenansulayman,leguin.freenode.net
AmandaNP,wikipedia/DeltaQuad,DeltaQuad,orwell.freenode.net
danmichaelo,wikipedia/Danmichaelo,danmichaelo,adams.freenode.net
abian,wikimedia/abian,David Abi√°n,adams.freenode.net
revi,wikimedia/-revi,revi - https://revi.xyz,adams.freenode.net
Lydia_WMDE,wikidata/Lydia-Pintscher-WMDE,Lydia Pintscher,adams.freenode.net
mutante,wikimedia/mutante,mutante,adams.freenode.net
Steinsplitter,wikimedia/Steinsplitter,Steinsplitter,adams.freenode.net
AlexZ,wikimedia/Az1568,Alex Z,barjavel.freenode.net
cyphase,unaffiliated/cyphase,Cyphase,orwell.freenode.net
brion,wikipedia/pdpc.professional.brion,Brion Vibber,weber.freenode.net
geraki,wikipedia/geraki,geraki,orwell.freenode.net
abittaker,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bedhtyhudevihibl,Amanda Bittaker,leguin.freenode.net
Hello71,wikipedia/Hello71,Hello71,weber.freenode.net
Logan,ubuntu/member/logan,Logan Rosen,wolfe.freenode.net
badon,pdpc/supporter/active/badon,badon,tepper.freenode.net
Glaisher,wikimedia/Glaisher,Glaisher,karatkievich.freenode.net
legoktm,wikipedia/Legoktm,legoktm,karatkievich.freenode.net
postrecito,unaffiliated/dorami-doraemon,SuperBNC - https://SuperBNC.com,niven.freenode.net
Fluffernutter,wikipedia/Fluffernutter,Fluffernutter,sinisalo.freenode.net
Nemo_bis,wikimedia/Nemo-bis,Federico,leguin.freenode.net
Debra,wikipedia/MZMcBride,Well open up your mind and see like me.,card.freenode.net
Sigyn,freenode/utility-bot/sigyn,https://github.com/freenode/Sigyn,weber.freenode.net
catfox,ip72-204-137-75.no.no.cox.net,zomg you stalker!,asimov.freenode.net
APexil,unaffiliated/apexil,me,leguin.freenode.net
wget,unaffiliated/wget,wget,asimov.freenode.net
matanya,wikimedia/matanya,Matanya,wolfe.freenode.net
xelizabx,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ktudhhwnbtshuqhh,Eliza,hitchcock.freenode.net
monokrome,54.88.139.115,Bailey Stoner,rajaniemi.freenode.net
CKoerner_WMF,wikimedia/CKoerner-WMF,Chris Koerner,wilhelm.freenode.net
eir,freenode/utility-bot/eir,eir version 0.0.1,odin.freenode.net
xcpop,2604:180:2:472::568c,xcpop,leguin.freenode.net
divyanshu,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rorjehyksurspkov,divyanshu rawat,niven.freenode.net
parent5446,mediawiki/parent5446,Tyler Romeo,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Danny_B,wikimedia/Danny-B.,Danny B.,weber.freenode.net
Alina-malina,unaffiliated/alina-malina,Alinka,verne.freenode.net
ToAruShiroiNeko,wikimedia/ToAruShiroiNeko,Electronic Video Agent,rajaniemi.freenode.net
HakanIST,wikidata/HakanIST,HakanIST,adams.freenode.net
Cameron11598,wikipedia/Cameron11598,Cameron11598,verne.freenode.net
Barras2,wikimedia/barras,Paul,wolfe.freenode.net
greg-g,wikimedia/greg-wmf,Greg Grossmeier,karatkievich.freenode.net
dcausse,wikimedia/dcausse-wmf,dcausse,orwell.freenode.net
jdloft,wikimedia/Negative24,jdloft,wolfe.freenode.net
abruanese,45.63.76.107,not bob,weber.freenode.net
natuur12|ZzZ,wikimedia/natuur12,natuur12,wilhelm.freenode.net
musikanimal,wikipedia/MusikAnimal,Leon Ziemba,tepper.freenode.net
c,wikimedia/charitwo,my idle time is a lie,card.freenode.net
Krenair,wikimedia/Krenair,Alex Monk,karatkievich.freenode.net
asdofindia,gateway/shell/firrre/x-shykpjizcdviacyr,akshay,wilhelm.freenode.net
L235,wikipedia/fsf.member.Lixxx235,Kevin ([[en:User:L235]]),wilhelm.freenode.net
Keegan,wikimedia/Keegan,Keegan.,karatkievich.freenode.net
cats,unaffiliated/cats,cats,rajaniemi.freenode.net
HaeB,wikimedia/HaeB,T. Bayer,adams.freenode.net
grumble,freenode/staff/grumble,grumble,sinisalo.freenode.net
Barras,wikimedia/barras,Paul,kornbluth.freenode.net
Isarra,wikimedia/Isarra,A tent full of grasshoppers,barjavel.freenode.net
ragesoss,wikimedia/ragesoss,Sage Ross,rajaniemi.freenode.net
[[Cameron]],wikipedia/Cameron11598,Cameron,wolfe.freenode.net
jzerebecki,sammiittai.zerebecki.de,jan,card.freenode.net
emerson,freenode/staff/emerson,emerson,wilhelm.freenode.net
AntiSpamMeta,AntiSpamMeta/.,http://antispammeta.net,leguin.freenode.net
JD|cloud,wikimedia/Jasper-Deng,Jasper,leguin.freenode.net
dungodung,wikimedia/dungodung,Filip Maljkovic,leguin.freenode.net
jem,wikimedia/-jem-,Jose Emilio -jem-,card.freenode.net
Venusaur,wikipedia/Antonio-Lopez,ndsdjs,tepper.freenode.net
the-wub,wikimedia/the-wub,Peter Coombe,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
heatherw,wikimedia/heatherawalls,Heather Walls,wolfe.freenode.net
Trey314159,wikimedia/TJones-WMF,Trey Jones,adams.freenode.net
zeph5_,wikimedia/Zephyrus,Zephyrus,wolfe.freenode.net
Asterixf2,wikipedia/Asterixf2,John,leguin.freenode.net
enhydra,wikimedia/Kalan,https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Kalan,adams.freenode.net
Sir_Lestaty,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Sir Lestaty de Lioncourt,barjavel.freenode.net
Vito,unaffiliated/vito,Vito,wilhelm.freenode.net
Flexman,ibg-pc-19.tu-graz.ac.at,Flexman,niven.freenode.net
Reception|away,miraheze/Reception123,Reception,rajaniemi.freenode.net
James_F,wikimedia/JamesF,James D. Forrester,card.freenode.net
stwalkerster,wikimedia/stwalkerster,Simon Walker (fearow.lon.stwalkerster.net),wilhelm.freenode.net
Muzer,cpc96772-rdng27-2-0-cust294.15-3.cable.virginm.net,Murray Colpman,kornbluth.freenode.net
kaldari,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-alkksintajptcoxd,Ryan Kaldari,adams.freenode.net
itu,wikipedia/itu,itu,wolfe.freenode.net
lindseyanne,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ukbvfuzhukumjsek,lindsey anne,adams.freenode.net
Seddon,Wikimedia/Seddon,Joseph Seddon,karatkievich.freenode.net
snowolf,wikimedia/Snowolf,Snowolf,wolfe.freenode.net
Cu5tosLimen,unaffiliated/cust0slim3n,CustosLimen,tepper.freenode.net
thib,wikimedia/Thibaut120094,Thibaut,weber.freenode.net
WikiPuppies,wikipedia/WikiPuppies,I don't pee on bushes. I pee on vandals.,niven.freenode.net
Matthew_,wikimedia/matthewrbowker,matthewrbowker,sinisalo.freenode.net
nosferatu,wikimedia/Sir-Lestaty-de-Lioncourt,Nosferatu,card.freenode.net
basile,wikimedia/guillom,Guillaume Paumier,leguin.freenode.net
FastLizard4,wikipedia/pdpc.active.FastLizard4,Doing what I must, because I can.  For science.  Y,orwell.freenode.net
kloeri,freenode/staff/exherbo.kloeri,Bryan Ostergaard,orwell.freenode.net
snitch,wikispecies/snerk,snerk,wilhelm.freenode.net
PlasmaStar,unaffiliated/plasmastar,Jamie,hitchcock.freenode.net
K1rk,158.69.167.167,Kirk,card.freenode.net
Lirion,wikimedia-commons/Lirion,Montgomery Python,leguin.freenode.net
Spitfire,wikipedia/spitfire,Do you know how to pick up the pieces and go home?,wilhelm.freenode.net
danmichaelo_,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe16:75bb,Got ZNC?,wolfe.freenode.net
Moyst,212-149-200-72.bb.dnainternet.fi,M√∂yst,leguin.freenode.net
gry,fsf/member/svetlana,Svetlana Tkachenko,card.freenode.net
k6ka,wikimedia/k6ka,k6ka,barjavel.freenode.net
quiddity,wikipedia/quiddity,quiddity,hitchcock.freenode.net
Matiia,wikimedia/Matiia,Who knows,adams.freenode.net
Melos,wikimedia/Melos,4,8Melos,orwell.freenode.net
trobotham,2602:ffb0:4:d55::1,nitemare,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Guest11007,wikipedia/freddy2001,Freddy,karatkievich.freenode.net
TarLocesilion,wikipedia/Tar-Locesilion,Tar L√≥cesilion,leguin.freenode.net
mark,541E9829.cm-5-7c.dynamic.ziggo.nl,Always have a backup route,tepper.freenode.net
realies,unaffiliated/realies,realies,weber.freenode.net
smeggysmeg,unaffiliated/smeggysmeg,smeg,asimov.freenode.net
blergh-,80.255.11.160,B,asimov.freenode.net
M144,unaffiliated/m144,M144,barjavel.freenode.net
Gilou,unaffiliated/gilou,Gilles Pietri,rajaniemi.freenode.net
mutilator,c-68-56-137-33.hsd1.mi.comcast.net,...,karatkievich.freenode.net
muti_bot,c-68-56-137-33.hsd1.mi.comcast.net,n,barjavel.freenode.net
spY|da,owncloud.linuxjunkies.de,spychodelics,barjavel.freenode.net
kireevco,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jneiddsxlcmqmycq,Dmitry Kireev,wilhelm.freenode.net
Casper26,2001:470:8:2d3:ff:ff:ff:ff,Casper26,karatkievich.freenode.net
j00ru,80-219-208-230.dclient.hispeed.ch,j00ru,asimov.freenode.net
roxfan,35.207-67-87.adsl-dyn.isp.belgacom.be,roxfan,verne.freenode.net
mirabilis,2a00:1028:838e:877e:1aa6:f7ff:fe1d:6c8f,Nathaniel Hier,adams.freenode.net
gelos,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ynpdcznrwnnndcvi,Gelos,adams.freenode.net
x-fak,reactos/tester/x-fak,GordonGekko,leguin.freenode.net
cao,unaffiliated/anonym,cao,wolfe.freenode.net
`Ivan,stalkr.net,ivan,verne.freenode.net
Kasperle,0x0badc0.de,Lutz Wolf,barjavel.freenode.net
l0gic,unaffiliated/l0gic,l0gic,wilhelm.freenode.net
Gynvael,80-219-208-230.dclient.hispeed.ch,Gynvael Coldwind,barjavel.freenode.net
Togusa,pdpc/supporter/student/togusa,Alessandro,adams.freenode.net
JC_SoCal,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bxlwdvlyijmbvcgh,MoMo,verne.freenode.net
binarybitme,162.243.21.247,binarybitme,adams.freenode.net
w4kfu,w4kfu.com,ut,adams.freenode.net
agarnier,mar44-5-88-182-29-150.fbx.proxad.net,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
ghada,203.29.131.142,purple,hitchcock.freenode.net
rkabalin,isb001rk0001.lancs.ac.uk,Ruslan Kabalin,hitchcock.freenode.net
anitsirk,nat/catalyst-it/x-cmfcxognsdrafphx,purple,asimov.freenode.net
mahara-meetbot`,h43-100.catalyst.net.nz,Supybot 0.83.4.1,kornbluth.freenode.net
kevinmoilar,pdpc/supporter/professional/kevinmoilar,Kevin Mueller,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dobedobedoh,lime.luns.net.uk,Andrew Robert Nicols,asimov.freenode.net
waa,singe.dollyfish.net.nz,Nigel McNie,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
adi_b,pdpc/supporter/professional/adib,bubi,weber.freenode.net
Mjollnir`,lion.mjollnir.org,Penny Leach,karatkievich.freenode.net
robertl,2404:130:0:1000:2d0b:acd4:9de4:3a8f,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jasonmadigan,nat/redhat/x-dfyoqmokbxbgcfzd,Jason Madigan,adams.freenode.net
jbossbot,redhat/jbossbot,JBossBot,roddenberry.freenode.net
LegendThinker,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-grqklmruxyvzkfhl,LegendThinker,adams.freenode.net
lholmquist,redhat/jboss/lholmquist,Lucas P. Holmquist,card.freenode.net
tuzonghua,158.ip-158-69-206.net,Mike D,weber.freenode.net
bobmcw,redhat/jboss/bobmcw,bobmcw,barjavel.freenode.net
_laco,static.183.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,laco,weber.freenode.net
dbevenius,v01.codepizza.org,Daniel Bevenius,niven.freenode.net
theute,195.49.106.170,Thomas Heute,barjavel.freenode.net
GIANT_CRAB,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xryuovxjulaewoji,Huiren Woo,wolfe.freenode.net
jbott,nat/redhat/x-mckrkgwbemvqdeds,maxandersen slave,kornbluth.freenode.net
agalante,redhat/jboss/agalante,Andres Galante,weber.freenode.net
aerobot,ec2-54-198-218-116.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nodeJS IRC client,asimov.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
summersp,redhat/jboss/summersp,Summers Pittman,hitchcock.freenode.net
passos,redhat/jboss/passos,Daniel Passos,asimov.freenode.net
proddbot,162.243.1.108,irclj,orwell.freenode.net
omatskiv,nat/redhat/x-htzhpiyfwyjmhyfb,Oleg Matskiv,verne.freenode.net
Ks0stm,wikipedia/Ks0stm,Ks0stm,asimov.freenode.net
musikanimal,wikipedia/MusikAnimal,Leon Ziemba,tepper.freenode.net
addshore,wikimedia/addshore,addshore,wolfe.freenode.net
slakr,wikipedia/slakr,I wish I could care.,orwell.freenode.net
stwalkerster,wikimedia/stwalkerster,Simon Walker (fearow.lon.stwalkerster.net),wilhelm.freenode.net
Oshwah,wikipedia/Oshwah,Oshwah,karatkievich.freenode.net
AmandaNP,wikipedia/DeltaQuad,DeltaQuad,orwell.freenode.net
snowolf,wikimedia/Snowolf,Snowolf,wolfe.freenode.net
Earwig,wikipedia/The-Earwig,[[w:en:User:The Earwig]],orwell.freenode.net
GorillaWarfare,wikipedia/GorillaWarfare,Molly White,verne.freenode.net
jackmcbarn,wikipedia/jackmcbarn,Jackmcbarn,wolfe.freenode.net
legoktm,wikipedia/Legoktm,legoktm,karatkievich.freenode.net
CerebrumBot,wikipedia/slakr/bot/CerebrumBot,I'm a thoughtful bot.,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Fluffernutter,wikipedia/Fluffernutter,Fluffernutter,sinisalo.freenode.net
DoRD,wikipedia/Department-of-Redundancy-Department,Department of Redundancy Department,wilhelm.freenode.net
SerajewelKS,wikipedia/Crazycomputers,Chris Howie,barjavel.freenode.net
Brnocrist,unaffiliated/brnocrist,spartak,leguin.freenode.net
rhapsodhy,parkanyi.eu,r,adams.freenode.net
gwae,unaffiliated/gwae,gwae,wilhelm.freenode.net
femme,199.119.112.220,hmm,asimov.freenode.net
ch0k0bn,89-156-195-251.rev.numericable.fr,ch0k0bn,wolfe.freenode.net
geekou,62-210-192-90.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Aguinet,asimov.freenode.net
swn,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe70:d361,swn,niven.freenode.net
R0main,2a01:e34:ec1a:f1b0:feaa:14ff:fea5:5935,R0main,adams.freenode.net
fblues,unaffiliated/fblues,user,wolfe.freenode.net
rawger_,195-154-165-158.rev.poneytelecom.eu,rawger,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
w1gz,ns336895.ip-178-32-220.eu,khs,karatkievich.freenode.net
l0kit,ns3096276.ip-94-23-54.eu,Lock It,asimov.freenode.net
plcp,62-210-195-211.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Unknown,karatkievich.freenode.net
over`,104.209.43.141,over,hitchcock.freenode.net
TheJH,thejh.net,Jann Horn,niven.freenode.net
the8thbit,66.186.100.194,the8thbit,verne.freenode.net
spacez320,li1268-12.members.linode.com,Matthew Coleman,karatkievich.freenode.net
waynr,unaffiliated/waynr,waynr,karatkievich.freenode.net
repnzscasb,unaffiliated/repnzscasb,repnzscasb,asimov.freenode.net
Hund,ubuntu/member/hund,Hund,leguin.freenode.net
vifon,bohdan.einval.eu,vifon,verne.freenode.net
dcht00,2a01:4a0:3::5096:aeb,David Dchtoo,adams.freenode.net
mrbanie,unaffiliated/mrbanie,mrbanie,tepper.freenode.net
lamarpavel,ip9234c40a.dynamic.kabel-deutschland.de,Lamar,adams.freenode.net
lonewulf`,unaffiliated/lonewulf/x-3292126,lonewulf,verne.freenode.net
SammysHP,205.185.116.99,SammysHP,hitchcock.freenode.net
hut,lepus.uberspace.de,hut,adams.freenode.net
voidead,unaffiliated/voidead,voidead,weber.freenode.net
isene,128.199.49.139,Geir Isene,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Boobuigi,2602:304:cdcd:350:9646:96ff:fe11:21a9,weechat,leguin.freenode.net
neze,neze.fr,Cl√©ment,leguin.freenode.net
cyphar,unaffiliated/cyphar,Aleksa Sarai,wolfe.freenode.net
acchan,unaffiliated/acchan,user,niven.freenode.net
Enzime,aura.miserable.ninja,Enzime,hitchcock.freenode.net
xender,bohdan.einval.eu,xender,asimov.freenode.net
kremfloete,84-52-239.231.3p.ntebredband.no,kremfloete,barjavel.freenode.net
codebam,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-pdxlxxutkmikrxgm,codebam,karatkievich.freenode.net
davewongillies,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ycztlufpnbcckzee,David Gillies,wolfe.freenode.net
brrm,HSI-KBW-085-216-003-192.hsi.kabelbw.de,Got ZNC?,adams.freenode.net
nelder,unaffiliated/nelder,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
fiatjaf,162.243.220.95,~,orwell.freenode.net
lohfu,37.139.15.18,lohfu,barjavel.freenode.net
Hummer12007,46.101.222.236,Got ZNC?,niven.freenode.net
seg_violation,rasalhague.uberspace.de,segfault,sinisalo.freenode.net
erdic,unaffiliated/motley,erdic,wilhelm.freenode.net
rivarun,ipa210.225.tellas.gr,rivarun,asimov.freenode.net
Mossepo,dsl-espbrasgw1-54fa72-189.dhcp.inet.fi,Mossepo,sinisalo.freenode.net
TheOneValen,nopl.de,Convos v0.99_15,wilhelm.freenode.net
Ram-Z,rmz.io,Ram-Z,hitchcock.freenode.net
BytesAndCoffee,bytes.coffee,yazdmich,adams.freenode.net
forgot,unaffiliated/forgot,Unknown,kornbluth.freenode.net
Sout,188.241.113.177,Sout,adams.freenode.net
Nycatelos,unaffiliated/illusional,Yidhra Kthanid,wilhelm.freenode.net
gregwork,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gmmbkpcuhbfefouc,Greg Procunier,sinisalo.freenode.net
igitoor,unaffiliated/contempt,igitur,rajaniemi.freenode.net
jaymzh,c-76-103-48-74.hsd1.ca.comcast.net,Phil Dibowitz,card.freenode.net
tibbs,fedora/tibbs,Jason Tibbitts,verne.freenode.net
mhuang,142.204.133.10,realname,card.freenode.net
adunsmuir,142.114.34.33,purple,adams.freenode.net
mkolman,nat/redhat/x-qavtgmyzosylexhw,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
infernix,unaffiliated/infernix,the funk phenomena,weber.freenode.net
scriptum,176.15.9.185,realname,wolfe.freenode.net
Pharaoh_Atem,47.19.105.250,Conan Kudo,verne.freenode.net
_iwc,static.184.80.201.138.clients.your-server.de,flieger,wilhelm.freenode.net
blinky42,jabber.blinkylight.net,blinky,leguin.freenode.net
pasik,reaktio.net,Pasi KÔøΩrkkÔøΩinen,orwell.freenode.net
pkotvan,nat/redhat/x-fwcmokrxyvvgytvj,peter kotvan,rajaniemi.freenode.net
masta,unaffiliated/masta,realname,hitchcock.freenode.net
Kellin,unaffiliated/kellin,Kellin,leguin.freenode.net
kflavin21,cpe-104-32-232-6.socal.res.rr.com,purple,rajaniemi.freenode.net
dedekind_,192.198.151.44,Artem Bityutskiy,hitchcock.freenode.net
jcline,fedora/jcline,Jeremy Cline,wolfe.freenode.net
YP-Cloud____,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xxutvbszrfzhhuqs,Yuanpeng Zhang,weber.freenode.net
tflink,redhat/tflink,tflink,adams.freenode.net
Frojoe,2a01:7e00::f03c:91ff:fe70:bc74,Jordan,niven.freenode.net
rvykydal,nat/redhat/x-zefgdmnlumclmidr,rvykydal,rajaniemi.freenode.net
KnownSyntax,unaffiliated/knownsyntax,KnownSyntax,wolfe.freenode.net
dlehman,nat/redhat/x-ojiprkomysnuwaxr,dlehman,sinisalo.freenode.net
kbsingh,n12.lon1.karan.org,Karanbir Singh,asimov.freenode.net
pbrobinson,dozer.roving-it.com,PBRobinson,niven.freenode.net
maxamillion,fedora/maxamillion,Adam Miller,barjavel.freenode.net
paragan,unaffiliated/paragan,Parag Nemade,hitchcock.freenode.net
frodox,176.15.9.185,not important,asimov.freenode.net
lam0r,kudu.in-berlin.de,lam0r,niven.freenode.net
nirik,scrye.com,Kevin Fenzi,karatkievich.freenode.net
pocketprotector,unaffiliated/pocketprotector,* I'm not to lame to read BitchX.doc *,niven.freenode.net
tintou,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xdzbgxrqdobbtgdt,Corentin No√´l,niven.freenode.net
grift,unaffiliated/grift,Got ZNC?,card.freenode.net
adamw,redhat/adamw,Adam Williamson,asimov.freenode.net
riddle,us.yunix.net,decadance,karatkievich.freenode.net
mrunix,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:fe33:64d3,qwerty,adams.freenode.net
sudhir,nat/redhat/x-hrbotfhzqeazojpt,sudhir,verne.freenode.net
dgilmore,fedora/dgilmore,Dennis Gilmore,orwell.freenode.net
robatino,pool-71-174-223-71.bstnma.east.verizon.net,Andre Robatino,verne.freenode.net
burlak,23.226.129.174,Andrej Colbert,card.freenode.net
gluytium,45.63.76.107,is a fictional supervillain,card.freenode.net
jkonecny,nat/redhat/x-hmhkwrzgldyfscky,Jiri Konecny,card.freenode.net
Asmadeus,shellium/staff/developer.Asmadeus,Dominique Martinet,karatkievich.freenode.net
jds2001,fedora/jds2001,Jon Stanley,card.freenode.net
Guest53377,212.129.57.2,Kushal Das,niven.freenode.net
zodbot,fedora/bot/zodbot,Limnoria installed on 2016-06-11T19-31-21,orwell.freenode.net
pwhalen,unaffiliated/pwhalen,Paul Whalen,wolfe.freenode.net
sgallagh,nat/redhat/x-hpfbneawkzabidvh,Stephen Gallagher,adams.freenode.net
walters,50-245-18-210-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,Colin Walters,barjavel.freenode.net
BakaKuna,145.129.205.133,Got ZNC?,tepper.freenode.net
jiaoyang,119.254.120.66,Jiao Yang,adams.freenode.net
sharkcz,2a01:8c00:ffb3:160:250:43ff:fe3c:3b5d,Dan Hor√°k,niven.freenode.net
menantea_away,nat/ibm/x-unvtxvqkfdetfvsm,Guy Menanteau,adams.freenode.net
zer0c00l,zer0c00l.in,Arun S A G,barjavel.freenode.net
firnsy,kodi/staff/firnsy,firnsy,asimov.freenode.net
diagnostuck,unaffiliated/diagnostuck,diagnostuck,wilhelm.freenode.net
pjones,fedora/pjones,Winston Smith,wolfe.freenode.net
kparal,ip4-83-240-81-134.cust.nbox.cz,Kamil Paral,wolfe.freenode.net
langdon,nat/redhat/x-lsscjjmaspjrdccr,langdon,verne.freenode.net
chasmo77,158.183-62-69.ftth.swbr.surewest.net,Al Turing,wilhelm.freenode.net
rangerpbzzzz,24-179-246-242.dhcp.roch.mn.charter.com,Brent Baude,asimov.freenode.net
halfline,nat/redhat/x-lbsxpijfftcekbad,Ray Strode,tepper.freenode.net
demonimin,unaffiliated/demonimin,demonimin,karatkievich.freenode.net
BuildTheRobots,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mkwawcdiinmhgetm,Me,wolfe.freenode.net
Son_Goku,ool-457cb820.dyn.optonline.net,Neal Gompa,verne.freenode.net
satellit,2601:602:200:94f1::608a,satellit,karatkievich.freenode.net
orc_orc,lsb/orc-orc,"First Av orc_orc",tepper.freenode.net
charsbar______,182.48.23.24,charsbar,weber.freenode.net
limitusus_away,p2076-ipngn4601marunouchi.tokyo.ocn.ne.jp,limitusus,tepper.freenode.net
risou___,risouf.net,risou,sinisalo.freenode.net
zamN,unaffiliated/zamn,zamn,sinisalo.freenode.net
Tigsune,188.166.101.213,Arctic Tigsune,rajaniemi.freenode.net
CP44,c-69-249-37-63.hsd1.de.comcast.net,CP44,orwell.freenode.net
pfn,abort.v6.boom.net,Perry Nguyen,wilhelm.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
profligacy,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-lrwioylnfqxhpoqi,profligacy,rajaniemi.freenode.net
extenuate,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nkmgchyyigqgkthm,extenuate,leguin.freenode.net
vonunov,waka.ac,Clay,hitchcock.freenode.net
leuhmanu,unaffiliated/leuhmanu,Manuel H.,karatkievich.freenode.net
ScriptFanix,Jedrik.DMZ.riquer.fr,Vincent Riquer,rajaniemi.freenode.net
guillomovitch,haiku.zarb.org,guillomovitch,karatkievich.freenode.net
fgudin,odin.sdf-eu.org,Francis GUDIN,card.freenode.net
bilbo-the-hobbit,195.154.20.131,Got ZNC?,barjavel.freenode.net
stoatwblr,2001:470:1f1d:1a9:9e:d8e3:feec:5d3e,realname,karatkievich.freenode.net
andrew[andrboot],unaffiliated/andrewandrboot/x-689432,andrew,card.freenode.net
doum,static-5-51-37-132.ftth.abo.bbox.fr,doum,tepper.freenode.net
dle_,2001:660:470f:115:b9da:1d75:17b5:6011,realname,leguin.freenode.net
Jehane,pdpc/supporter/professional/jehane,Jehane,leguin.freenode.net
FrostyBeverage,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gufkzjqytwnjgyux,FrostyBeverage,verne.freenode.net
yoshi314,sundance.6irc.net,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
tequila_away,edi.pkg.fr,tequila_,barjavel.freenode.net
zloidemon,212.154.136.98,zloidemon,barjavel.freenode.net
finalbeta,ptr-2hj4tbusg771ow47e4qca044z.ip6.access.telenet.be,realname,sinisalo.freenode.net
davromaniak,pdpc/professional/davromaniak,cyril,barjavel.freenode.net
jmp242,lnx6204.classe.cornell.edu,KVIrc 4.2.0 Equilibrium http://kvirc.net/,adams.freenode.net
ruskie,sourcemage/mage/ruskie,ruskie,adams.freenode.net
ncharles,shell.normation.com,Nicolas Charles,rajaniemi.freenode.net
maddingue,spectre.mongueurs.net,Sebastien Aperghis-Tramoni,weber.freenode.net
Mr_Pan,unaffiliated/mr-pan/x-4457432,Guy Fawkes,adams.freenode.net
CDuv,46.218.163.103,CDuv,tepper.freenode.net
iooioo,adsl115.uninet.ee,purple,card.freenode.net
orthagh,workgroup.infra.teclib.net,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
agrajag,galene.dead4cheap.com,agrajag,orwell.freenode.net
ddurieux_,107.191.47.221,Charlie Root,card.freenode.net
Charles_JUDITH,charlesjudith.com,Charles JUDITH,karatkievich.freenode.net
domi`,buttle.nnx.com,Dominique Rousseau,leguin.freenode.net
Ool,unaffiliated/ool,Ool,karatkievich.freenode.net
jooooooon,fava.phillipoux.net,Jonathan Clarke,asimov.freenode.net
Ravenz,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-szqwhpxwhvkzyjtl,Daryl Guilliams,niven.freenode.net
parad1se,x5ce68468.dyn.telefonica.de,davix,kornbluth.freenode.net
AnatomicJC,5.158.244.58,jcvassort_freenode,leguin.freenode.net
NeilHanlon,drop1.neilhanlon.me,Neil Hanlon,asimov.freenode.net
Mack,unaffiliated/mack,Mack,wolfe.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
sigkell,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kivisiamcaqpvqua,Fionn Kelleher,adams.freenode.net
Akuma_no_Tsubasa,gateway/shell/panicbnc/x-buzurrtphjeksedm,Akuma_no_Tsubasa,adams.freenode.net
NoTHX_,93.91.50.144,NoTHX,adams.freenode.net
joes,178.62.85.212,Joe Santoro,karatkievich.freenode.net
AmiRuss,unaffiliated/amiruss,Russell Beech,card.freenode.net
Asbestos,serentos/admin/jrd,John R. Dennison,rajaniemi.freenode.net
IcemanA,m81.owfg.com,realname,asimov.freenode.net
simple,eggdrop/alumni/simple,skralg,asimov.freenode.net
MontyZuma,mail.hampft.de,Unknown,tepper.freenode.net
Br|aN,smoke.p0t.biz,Got Weed?,karatkievich.freenode.net
Darky,unaffiliated/darky,Darky,wilhelm.freenode.net
Kitlith,theobromine.kitl.pw,Kitlith,card.freenode.net
Nothing4You,nothing4you.w.tf-w.tf,Richard Schwab,niven.freenode.net
MarkyP,gaf.me.uk,mark,orwell.freenode.net
HellSpawn,142.134.107.84,hellbox,orwell.freenode.net
RandomSort,bundegaarden.dk,Johan Abildskov,asimov.freenode.net
Everyman,m81.owfg.com,realname,wilhelm.freenode.net
expl-,unaffiliated/expl,realname,asimov.freenode.net
bete,m81.owfg.com,David Fuchs,tepper.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
istok,unaffiliated/istok,Your Local Network Druid,wilhelm.freenode.net
ville_,fauxland.midworld.co.uk,Unknown,adams.freenode.net
Guest18627,47.189.83.60,Justin,card.freenode.net
NoTHX,93.91.50.145,NoTHX,adams.freenode.net
MarkoP,gaf.me.uk,mark,asimov.freenode.net
chen,relay.bannerfree.net,Chen,wolfe.freenode.net
DoctorD90,unaffiliated/doctord90,DoctorD90,karatkievich.freenode.net
Pantera,bitcoinshell.mooo.com,Fucking.hostile,sinisalo.freenode.net
shahrul,gateway/shell/hiyabnc/x-sdaducuclltmpays,shahrul,wilhelm.freenode.net
Mithkabob,unaffiliated/mithkabob,mithkabob,niven.freenode.net
Joori,showed.us,Yuri Nakov,weber.freenode.net
multirpg,unaffiliated/multidle,http://www.multirpg.net/,orwell.freenode.net
steve81,10-81-3-27.ppp.fastcable.biz,Steve Eightyone,wilhelm.freenode.net
_joes_,178.62.85.212,Joe Santoro,asimov.freenode.net
auscompgeek,firefox/community/auscompgeek,an Aussie computer geek,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Idling,dwfarming.com.au,Idling...,hitchcock.freenode.net
JohnCoates,2605:6400:2:fed5:22:a8a3:304f:fda,JohnCoates,rajaniemi.freenode.net
embargo,unaffiliated/embargo,M. Bargo,hitchcock.freenode.net
Shmio,94.242.209.70,The Lounge User,orwell.freenode.net
Lurker23,93.91.50.145,Lurker23,orwell.freenode.net
Mingbeast,unaffiliated/simple/bot/mingbeast,Minging Beast From hell,verne.freenode.net
PuppyKun,miraheze/NDKilla,NDKilla,adams.freenode.net
Reception|away,miraheze/Reception123,Reception,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
wm-bot2,wikimedia/bot/wm-bot,wm-bot,card.freenode.net
gluegadget,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nsrpogwaizdusdtk,Amir M. Saeid,wolfe.freenode.net
jeen,C-59-101-18-213.hay.connect.net.au,Jeen Broekstra,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
kktg,c-a1eedb54.011-584-6d6c6d5.cust.bredbandsbolaget.se,kktg,karatkievich.freenode.net
noctarius,apache/committer/noctarius,Christoph Engelbert,barjavel.freenode.net
nitcbot,ec2-54-172-193-200.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nodeJS IRC client,barjavel.freenode.net
kartik,unaffiliated/k4rtik,realname,verne.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
kraft,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-yzagzsggfjafsanb,Na,orwell.freenode.net
Peppernrino,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-unlknhzhtfcplyfo,Peppernrino,wolfe.freenode.net
carvite,unaffiliated/stryx/x-3871776,carvite,wolfe.freenode.net
CoderForLife,unaffiliated/coderforlife,setimail@cellutions.com,card.freenode.net
KGB-1,brie.tincho.org,tincho's KGB bot,adams.freenode.net
salluc69,host242-221-dynamic.14-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,Luciano Salerno,rajaniemi.freenode.net
KGB-2,colleen.colgarra.priv.at,gregoa's KGB bot,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Caterpillar,unaffiliated/caterpillar,Caterpillar,karatkievich.freenode.net
KGB-0,nose.ktnx.net,KGB bot, #kgb-devel/OFTC,wilhelm.freenode.net
telex,freeshell.de,telex,tepper.freenode.net
danieleg,host162-235-dynamic.41-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it,realname,leguin.freenode.net
barzi,drone.xulepth.fr,barzi,orwell.freenode.net
jesterKing,blender/coder/jesterKing,Nathan Letwory,karatkievich.freenode.net
jiri,proxima.nti.ip6.tul.cz,realname,rajaniemi.freenode.net
ged,thing.fish,Michael Granger,verne.freenode.net
Cloudef,dsl-jklbrasgw1-54fb10-2.dhcp.inet.fi,Cloudef,card.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
fungos,qubcpq0336w-lp140-03-174-92-247-107.dsl.bell.ca,fungos,roddenberry.freenode.net
Chief|Wiggum,tuxhacker/b0t/ChiefWiggum,Supybot 0.83.4.1,asimov.freenode.net
onay,unaffiliated/onay,onay,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
rmayorga,debian/developer/rmayorga,Ren√© Mayorga,adams.freenode.net
Polsaker,donger/wielder/Polsaker,Polsaker,hitchcock.freenode.net
wyre,gateway/shell/xshellz/x-qlnvdbuwxungrpfs,Got ZNC?,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Krakakanok,unaffiliated/krakakanok,Yippee-ki-yay, motherfucker,karatkievich.freenode.net
ZenWalke1,235.119.18.95.dynamic.jazztel.es,A World Out Of Balance,verne.freenode.net
tout,8.119.221.87.dynamic.jazztel.es,tout,wolfe.freenode.net
nashgul,236.red-79-146-184.dynamicip.rima-tde.net,thulsadoom,hitchcock.freenode.net
orome,unaffiliated/teraflops/bot/orome,orome,hitchcock.freenode.net
CoBot,unaffiliated/mrx/bot/cobot,CoBot/2.0 (Gizkard),adams.freenode.net
teraflops,mysticemporium.net,teraflops,adams.freenode.net
barbanegra,unaffiliated/barbanegra,http://barbanegra.info/,hitchcock.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
xenial,gateway/shell/imvrypwn/x-qnjwiofhpuiyvuah,ZNC - http://znc.in,leguin.freenode.net
lu_zero,gentoo/developer/lu-zero,lu_zero,verne.freenode.net
Keiler,2a02:8071:3183:a900:3:7ff:fec0:d100,Kostya,leguin.freenode.net
KotH,erica.kinali.ch,Attila Kinali,adams.freenode.net
av500,2003:a:174:e400:224:8cff:fe9f:d658,av500,wolfe.freenode.net
sasshka,violette.khirnov.net,alexandra,weber.freenode.net
DonDiego,aftr-88-153-7-134.unity-media.net,Diego Biurrun,hitchcock.freenode.net
thg-soundwave,ec2-54-80-82-39.compute-1.amazonaws.com,nodeJS IRC client,adams.freenode.net
L0j1k,unaffiliated/l0j1k,L0j1k,adams.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
gamingrobot,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-havgtiscrxbwiung,Morgan Creekmore,adams.freenode.net
THX1138`,unaffiliated/zzyzx,Jon Snow,card.freenode.net
klock,unaffiliated/klock,freeklock,hitchcock.freenode.net
sighmon,slartibartfast.hackerspace-adelaide.org.au,sighmon,hitchcock.freenode.net
|Ripley|,unaffiliated/ripley/x-6419661,Ripley,wolfe.freenode.net
CoJaBo,unaffiliated/cojabo,aztec,adams.freenode.net
sdamashek,tjctf/organizer/sdamashek,Samuel Damashek,orwell.freenode.net
MrR0b07,64.137.204.144,MrR0b07,sinisalo.freenode.net
XVar,unaffiliated/xvar,Got ZNC?,wilhelm.freenode.net
r04r,unaffiliated/r04r,r04r,asimov.freenode.net
Nik05,unaffiliated/nik05,Nik05,kornbluth.freenode.net
RaptorJesus,unaffiliated/raptorjesus,RaptorJesus,tepper.freenode.net
neko__,2600.link,neko,weber.freenode.net
Deviance,lol.are.you.verymad.net,Deviance,asimov.freenode.net
eth2,ninja.root.sx,ethernet,karatkievich.freenode.net
Tortoise,unaffiliated/tortoise,ezp,barjavel.freenode.net
apollonaute,88.191.65.85,apollo,asimov.freenode.net
sebd,85.31.145.12,S√©bastien Ducoulombier,barjavel.freenode.net
eax64,ns3099658.ip-37-59-60.eu,eax,asimov.freenode.net
edem,moonbeam.hu,edem,adams.freenode.net
zoid,unaffiliated/taxationistheft,Taxation is Theft,niven.freenode.net
michele,unaffiliated/michele,Michele,wilhelm.freenode.net
norby,unaffiliated/norby89,realname,orwell.freenode.net
Ray`,46.101.90.74,User Ray,weber.freenode.net
caff,d27-96-72-126.nap.wideopenwest.com,Martin Charles,niven.freenode.net
CodeB,unaffiliated/codeb,CodeB,card.freenode.net
RoguePointer,unaffiliated/roguepointer,RoguePointer,niven.freenode.net
jarod,85.93.177.177,jarod,hitchcock.freenode.net
fr1end,205.185.116.160,IRC User,wolfe.freenode.net
truent,codedope.com,truent,orwell.freenode.net
adamg,38.102.153.98,adamg,card.freenode.net
daze,unaffiliated/daze,irc,verne.freenode.net
humerusj,unaffiliated/humerusj,Humerus,card.freenode.net
Corbin,c-71-207-11-176.hsd1.pa.comcast.net,...,weber.freenode.net
Ohelig,unaffiliated/ohelig,Ohelig IsCool,weber.freenode.net
lucky225,phalse.2600.com,Lucky 225,verne.freenode.net
Royal,secksi.org,Royal,weber.freenode.net
fs0ciety,fsociety.info,mr.evilcorp,asimov.freenode.net
Farshid,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-bmepxhfyygphlrrb,Farshid,karatkievich.freenode.net
obsed,unaffiliated/obesd,obsed,kornbluth.freenode.net
nortoh_,2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fe18:53af,i am a teeny bopper 4 life,karatkievich.freenode.net
Farshidroid,gateway/shell/fnordserver.eu/x-fysnzncivqcqmsfz,Farshidroid,wolfe.freenode.net
storefish,69.90.132.5,storefish,hitchcock.freenode.net
lilCodie,i.am.the.fsociety.guru,lilCodie,niven.freenode.net
e0f,unaffiliated/e0f,e0f,niven.freenode.net
eey0re_,104.131.220.9,eeyore,barjavel.freenode.net
xeal,2001:19f0:5:4b:5400:ff:fe37:a17d,xeal,wolfe.freenode.net
wh1t3r0s3_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yzawzgxdlicrzdzb,whiterose,sinisalo.freenode.net
wula,hofnarr.fi,Wula,rajaniemi.freenode.net
APLU,eva.aplu.fr,Aymeric (and you lost the game),niven.freenode.net
Menwe,d21f60.ced.re,Menwe,rajaniemi.freenode.net
kerozene,unaffiliated/kerozene,kerozene,niven.freenode.net
thallada,fsf/member/thallada,thallada,asimov.freenode.net
chee,fsf/member/chee,chee,verne.freenode.net
kumavis,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bcneqvjffngnkbuq,aaron,adams.freenode.net
Fistful_of_Coins,162.243.79.19,Fistfulofbitcoins.com,asimov.freenode.net
dvorak42,99.129.196.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,dvorak42,barjavel.freenode.net
MaxInux,64e.org,maxinux,wilhelm.freenode.net
gomjabbar,unaffiliated/anti-mttr/x-9384728,gomjabbar,adams.freenode.net
seanicus,gateway/shell/blinkenshell.org/x-hrnvcegjrxudufdy,Unknown,wolfe.freenode.net
bef0re,hypervisor.pro,before,tepper.freenode.net
DeadZen,166.78.254.171,DeadZen,orwell.freenode.net
ensign,2001:41d0:8:d711::1,ensign,karatkievich.freenode.net
juba,unaffiliated/juba,Juba,adams.freenode.net
HarrySeaword,50-88-183-52.res.bhn.net,realname,asimov.freenode.net
MillerBoss,107.191.50.190,Boss Miller,asimov.freenode.net
ldlework,unaffiliated/ldlework,ldlework,barjavel.freenode.net
_habnabit,python/site-packages/habnabit,_Harold Abnabit,verne.freenode.net
Nafai,unaffiliated/nafai,Travis B. Hartwell (@travisbhartwell),card.freenode.net
teratorn,2a01:4f8:191:80a1:29::62a7,teratorn,wilhelm.freenode.net
cdunklau,unaffiliated/cdunklau,Colin Dunklau,hitchcock.freenode.net
cstrahan,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gesjtcksgkzzoqvl,Charles Strahan,wolfe.freenode.net
airbrus,223.121.196.104.bc.googleusercontent.com,Monte,karatkievich.freenode.net
DanC_,user2.kumc.edu,Dan Connolly,weber.freenode.net
CcxWrk,asterix.te2000.cz,('.'),tepper.freenode.net
acorwin_,198.101.223.227,Alexander Corwin,card.freenode.net
pingveno,li731-29.members.linode.com,Pingveno,asimov.freenode.net
dpn`,2600:3c00::f03c:91ff:feae:acd1,David Novakovic,leguin.freenode.net
DanC,169.147.5.14,Dan Connolly,asimov.freenode.net
TML,unaffiliated/tml,Joey Smith,wolfe.freenode.net
idnar,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-elzmpswmfawraain,Tristan Seligmann,adams.freenode.net
dobson,68.ip-149-56-14.net,dobson,weber.freenode.net
simpson,2600:3c01::f03c:91ff:feae:39b3,simpson,wolfe.freenode.net
dude-x,pool-100-37-150-93.nycmny.fios.verizon.net,The Dude X,adams.freenode.net
froztbyte,unaffiliated/frozt01100101,froztbyte,wilhelm.freenode.net
jnoah,osuosl/staff/brutal-chaos,brutal_chaos,adams.freenode.net
dash,greyface.org,Allen Short,rajaniemi.freenode.net
fijal,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-prhhfwpzxciocbjr,Maciej Fijalkowski,wolfe.freenode.net
vapier,wh0rd.org,UserBah,karatkievich.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Pinkbyte,gentoo/developer/pinkbyte,Sergey Popov,sinisalo.freenode.net
inf,unaffiliated/informatic,informatic,adams.freenode.net
emeryth,hackerspace.pl,emeryth,adams.freenode.net
d42,89-70-23-250.dynamic.chello.pl,```,wolfe.freenode.net
ood,azathoth.bytesexual.net,ood,tepper.freenode.net
implr,hackerspace.pl,implr,card.freenode.net
q3k,psychosis.q3k.org,q3k,card.freenode.net
pid,unaffiliated/pidpawel,pidpawel,wilhelm.freenode.net
viroos,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pnudrtqmxkwxwlql,Maciej Sawicki,adams.freenode.net
dfgg,195-154-165-176.rev.poneytelecom.eu,Damian K,tepper.freenode.net
dj-spock,milliways.ramdrive.org,dj-spock,karatkievich.freenode.net
prs,forgottenlabs/developer/prs,To Ja,karatkievich.freenode.net
ar,paludis/monkey/arachnist,Robert Gerus,wolfe.freenode.net
bawr,178.62.253.231,bawr,weber.freenode.net
rysiek|pl,static.213-239-210-36.clients.your-server.de,rysiek,karatkievich.freenode.net
mlen,hawk.aquila.re,Mateusz Lenik,barjavel.freenode.net
mciancia,194.42.111.90,Mateusz Cianciara,orwell.freenode.net
piorekf,piorekf.org,piorek,niven.freenode.net
thephoebe,hackerspace.pl,Kacper Wikiel,card.freenode.net
viq,unaffiliated/viq,viq,orwell.freenode.net
hamlesh,nyc.uqdc.com,hamlesh,asimov.freenode.net
AndyMillar,andymillar.co.uk,Andy Millar (FREENODE),rajaniemi.freenode.net
TheSeth,217.169.23.154,Seth Tunstall,weber.freenode.net
lionel,91.224.149.14,Lionel Porcheron,leguin.freenode.net
nesthib,unaffiliated/nesthib,nesthib,barjavel.freenode.net
ChanServ,services.,Channel Services,services.
Sp4rKy,freenode/sponsor/domogik.founder.sp4rky,Maxence DUNNEWIND,asimov.freenode.net
Ool,unaffiliated/ool,Ool,karatkievich.freenode.net
YoBoY,tomar.yoboy.fr,Philippe,barjavel.freenode.net
Trizt,ukko.aho.hk,user,niven.freenode.net
ironfist,irc.securehosting.se,www.pegasos.org,adams.freenode.net
purl,rikers.org,TimRiker's infobot,sinisalo.freenode.net
lisardman,79.99.168.121,Mikael Karlsson,adams.freenode.net
roolebo_,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-zmwqbpduzzaalwqv,Roman Bolshakov,wilhelm.freenode.net
decay,87-236-47-212.rev.cloud.scaleway.com,decay,adams.freenode.net
midnightmagic,unaffiliated/midnightmagic,midnightmagic,weber.freenode.net
ratoder,static.111.19.201.138.clients.your-server.de, Java IRC Bot,asimov.freenode.net
BGL,75-149-171-58-Washington.hfc.comcastbusiness.net,BGLWrK,barjavel.freenode.net
gribble,unaffiliated/nanotube/bot/gribble,Supybot 0.83.4.1+gribble (2014-12-21T23:25:09-0500,asimov.freenode.net
luke-jr,unaffiliated/luke-jr,Luke Dashjr,hitchcock.freenode.net
ryan`c,znc.rya.nc,ryan,sinisalo.freenode.net
dlb76,unaffiliated/dlb76,dlb76,rajaniemi.freenode.net
Piper-Off,2a03:b0c0:1:d0::d0:b001,P4rtyV4n,niven.freenode.net
Anduck,unaffiliated/anduck,anduck,barjavel.freenode.net
Tycale,tycale.be,Thibault,card.freenode.net
Cory,unaffiliated/cory,...,leguin.freenode.net
altgribble,unaffiliated/rbecker/bot/altgribble,Alternate Gribble Bot - Run by RBecker,verne.freenode.net
RBecker,openvpn/user/RBecker,Ryan B.,card.freenode.net
cashforbtc,unaffiliated/cashforbtc,cashforbtc,barjavel.freenode.net
Keefe,unaffiliated/keefe,Keefe,card.freenode.net
starsoccer,unaffiliated/starsoccer,starsoccer,asimov.freenode.net
wizkid057,unaffiliated/wizkid057,wk,verne.freenode.net
nanotube,unaffiliated/nanotube,nanotube,asimov.freenode.net
bairyn,unaffiliated/bob0,Byron Johnson,orwell.freenode.net
SerajewelKS,wikipedia/Crazycomputers,Chris Howie,barjavel.freenode.net
mogreen,unaffiliated/mogreen,mogreen,sinisalo.freenode.net
Tom_Ewok,unaffiliated/tom-ewok/x-4124959,Tom_Ewok,sinisalo.freenode.net
xCore,unaffiliated/xc0r3,xCore,adams.freenode.net
Rodericus,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pkaxabquwtewatcs,R≈çderƒ´cus, -ƒ´,adams.freenode.net
PedroB,177.17.64.36,purple,hitchcock.freenode.net
Fuco,unaffiliated/fuco,O_o,leguin.freenode.net
furrykef,ip68-229-196-206.ok.ok.cox.net,Zenigata Keibu,karatkievich.freenode.net
Pidgey,gateway/shell/elitebnc/x-gmkungwfbcqidluf,Pidgey,niven.freenode.net
TrevorThePidgey,gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jaynstfcpncrazfy,pidgey,niven.freenode.net
